Advice : Even more safety for pedestrians
They are not 100 metres from each other : On Tuesday , the new B 33 pedestrian light at the village parking lot was put into operation in Gutach - within sight of the older town hall light .
Two plants so close to each other : intention or third - party coup ?
Gutach 's mayor answered this question clearly yesterday .
" The town hall lights were installed at the time because they secure the school path , " Eckert explained yesterday .
The Kluser traffic lights ensure both cyclists and bus passengers and the Bergle residents .
The plant that was officially put into operation yesterday was important for the crossroads Sulzbachweg / Kirchstraße .
We have a museum , two churches , a spa park , a bus stop , a doctor and a bank and the traffic flow from the residential area ›Grub‹ .
" With the high traffic and pedestrian volumes , another traffic light had to be set for their safety , " says Eckert .
This is also confirmed by Peter Arnold of Offenburg .
" According to current measurements , approximately 12 000 vehicles pass through the municipality of Gutach on the B 33 daily , of which about 10 % are heavy goods traffic , " says Arnold .
That is why it is more than necessary to build another traffic light : " Safety is easy to do here " , says Arnold .
A total of four traffic shows were held , a roundabout was also considered , but again discarded because of the narrowness in the crossroads of Sulzbachweg / Kirchstraße .
According to Arnold , everything was tested in the past in the choice of location of the traffic lights : " By means of a special truck loaded with particularly long wooden trunks for us , we have tested whether these vehicles can exit from the Sulzbachweg to the B 33 without bending the traffic lights " .
The traffic light system , which costs around EUR 15 000 , is the ' most up - to - date in the market ' , Arnold explained .
The system is equipped with colored LEDs , which shine so brightly that the lights can be easily recognized by car drivers , for example , even under deep sun .
And it is also economical : the older light systems consume about 100 watts , the new ones consume just eight watts .
There are three light systems per direction .
Arnold explained the technology of the new plant : it is equipped with two radar sensors .
The pedestrian presses the traffic light button , the upper radar sensor tests the traffic situation .
If the road is free , comes immediately green for the pedestrian , if not , it takes about 15 seconds .
Another radar sensor checks whether the green phase for the pedestrian can be terminated .
" If a group or people with disabilities go on the road , the green phase is extended , so everyone comes safely over the road , " Arnold said .
Of course , the motorist must take part as a partner and observe the road .
This was not the case yesterday : as soon as the traffic lights for pedestrians showed green , an upper - class vehicle ran through - with a bright red .
Josef Winkler has been writing the woes of his childhood and youth from his soul for more than 30 years .
The Carinthian poet has often described the disasters of his Catholic village childhood - the lack of speech , the inclination to brute violence and blunt sexuality , and the narrowness and lack of joy .
The Büchner Prize winner is known primarily as a prose author , theatrical texts are rare in his work .
Collage of prose texts by Gerhard Fresacher creates a collage of prose texts for his performance " Weather lights on the tip of the tongue " , which can now be seen in garage X am Petersplatz .
For example , the theater maker combines elements from the autobiographically coined novel " The Serf " ( 1987 ) with prosaminiatures from " Corpse , his Family , Laurent " ( 2003 ) .
On the largely empty stage - an important proposition : a crunched sofa , on which it is suggested to be copied and masturbated - the ensemble hangs through the textual material .
Director Frescher seems to have little faith in the text .
The 70-minute performance overlaps the original with a plethora of directions known from the repertoire of post - dramatic forms of play .
The actresses in particular get involved with the sometimes somewhat dubious scenic realizations .
They are hardened , dipped with their heads under water , tackled with their evening robes to the wall .
Enforced in cellophane or corsets , they strike on dangerously high sticks by staging , either monologize them loudly or lie completely silent on the stage floor .
The text , however , is scarcely mediated in this effortful way .
The best moments of the evening will be when you sing - the bandwidth ranges from Deep Purple to folk songs .
Only towards the end does the overrun come to rest , and Winkler 's almost absurd humour flashes .
A black box in a car ?
American road planners are looking for a source of money to repair the decaying highway system , and believe they have found the solution in a small black box that can fit in the dashboard of each car .
The equipment that records every kilometre driven and reports the information to the authorities is at the heart of a controversial attempt by Washington and the state planning offices to revise the outdated system for financing US roads .
The usually rather boring area of road planning has suddenly sparked an intense debate with colorful alliances .
Libertarians have allied themselves with environmental groups and are in favour of the government being able to use the small boxes to record the kilometres - and perhaps also where they have been driven - and then use the information to calculate tax reports .
The Tea Party is horrified .
The American Civil Rights Association ( ACLU ) is also deeply concerned and expresses a number of concerns about data protection .
But , while Congress can not agree on a course of action , several states are no longer waiting .
They are currently considering how to switch over the next ten years to a system where drivers pay per mile .
Thousands of car drivers have already tested the tachographs , some of which are equipped with GPS surveillance .
This really is a must for our country .
" It 's not something we will use only possibly , " said Hasan Ikhrata , Managing Director of Southern California Assn . of Governments , who plans to record the miles taken by all Californian drivers in the state from 2025 .
The way in which we pay these taxes will change .
The technology for this is there .
The initiative comes at a time when the Highway Trust Fund , financed from taxes paid to the fuel pillar by the US , is bankrupt .
But America is no longer filled up as much as it used to .
Cars consume less petrol .
The state oil tax of 18.4 cents per gallon ( less than 4 eurocents per litre ) has not risen for 20 years .
Politicians dare not raise the tax even by one cent at high fuel prices .
" The gas tax is simply not sustainable , " says Lee Munnich , an expert on transport legislation at the University of Minnesota .
Its state has recently equipped 500 cars with tachographs to test a mileage - based payment system .
" This is the best long - term alternative , " he said .
Bureaucrats call it mileage - based user fee .
It is no surprise that urban liberals like the idea , because the tax could be used , for example , to influence driving behaviour in such a way as to reduce congestion and polluting emissions .
California 's planners rely on the system to develop strategies to achieve the state 's ambitious , law - based climate change targets .
But the Pennsylvania Republican Bill Shuster , Chairman of the House Transportation Committee , has also said that he sees this as the most viable long - term alternative .
The Reason Foundation 's free marketers are also inspired by the idea of making drivers pay after the journey .
" This is not a tax that disappears in a black hole , " explains Adrian Moore , vice - president for Reason 's policy .
People pay directly for what they get .
The movement is also supported by two former US transport ministers , who in a 2011 report called on Congress to move toward mileage accounting .
Last year , the US Senate approved a $ 90 million pilot project that would cost 10,000 cars .
But the majority in the House prevented the push , responding to the concerns of rural MPs who represent people , who often have to travel many miles to work or to the city in everyday life .
Nevertheless , several states and large cities are moving in this direction on their own .
Oregon is the most committed driver of the country , currently recruiting 5,000 drivers for the country 's largest experiment .
These drivers will soon pay mileage fees to the state instead of fuel tax .
Nevada has already completed a pilot project .
New York City is also considering one .
Illinois tests it to a limited extent with lorries .
And the I-95 coalition , which includes the transport ministries of 17 East Coast states ( including Maryland , Pennsylvania , Virginia , and Florida ) , is now exploring how to introduce the change .
The concept is not a universal hit .
In Nevada , where 50 volunteers were recently equipped with the equipment , drivers were skeptical of the idea that the government could pursue any of their movements .
" Concerns about Big Brother and such things were a big problem , " explains Alauddin Khan , Head of Strategy and Results Management at Nevada 's Ministry of Transport .
People did not want it .
When the test started , Nevada 's ACLU warned on its website : " It would be relatively easy to convert the tachograph into adult surveillance devices . "
There is no need to build a gigantic , bulky technological infrastructure that would inevitably be used to gather data on the daily movements of individuals .
Nevada is part of a number of states that are now looking for affordable technology that allows the state to track the driven kilometres , but not exactly when and where .
That , Khan said , would reassure the public .
The hunt for this technology has led some authorities to a small start - up company called True Mileage in California .
The company did not originally start to help states tax drivers .
Instead , it has sought to establish a new market for motor insurance , with drivers paying on the basis of mileage .
However , the devices it has tested are also of interest to road planners , because they do not use GPS and only provide limited information that is regularly uploaded via modem .
" People are more willing to participate if their speeds and locations are not recorded , " said Ryan Morrison , Managing Director of True Mileage .
Some of these public pilot programmes have made major mistakes .
There are much cheaper and less intrusive ways to do this .
In Oregon , planners are experimenting with giving car drivers a range of choices .
You can choose a device with or without GPS .
Or they do not choose any equipment at all and instead pay a flat - rate fee based on the average mileage spent by all state residents .
Other agencies hope to be able to sell the concept of a suspicious public by equipping them with more functions than less .
In New York City , traffic officials want to develop a tax - dispensing equipment that will also allow parking fees to be paid for , insurance will only have to be paid for mileage , and speed data will be collected in real time from other vehicles , which will allow drivers to escape congestion .
" Drivers would be motivated to participate by the added value of the benefits offered by the system , " says a planning document of the city .
However , some transport planners are wondering whether all the talk about paying per mile is not just a huge diversion .
At the Metropolitan Transportation Commission for the San Francisco Bay area , officials said that Congress could solve the problem of the bankrupt Highway Trust Fund simply by raising fuel taxes .
An extra one - time fee or an annual levy could be imposed on motorists using hybrid vehicles or other low - gasoline vehicles , so that they , too , pay a fair share .
" There is no reason for an aspirin , if sufficient , " explains Randy Rentschler , head of legislation and public affairs at the Commission .
If we do , hundreds of millions of car drivers will worry about their privacy and many other things .
Königsfeld : Small Team Beats Wicker
The Voluntary Fire Brigade came through its main autumn rehearsal in spite of a lack of staff .
Only eleven men took part in the exercise .
Department Commander Hans Kammerer had chosen the Feder estate in Burgberger Strasse in his practice .
This is said to have caused a short circuit during the sawing process .
Two people were injured as a result of the fire and smoking , but one of them was able to send an emergency call .
After Hans Kammerer 's first review of the state of affairs , two respirators of the Wehrmacht prepared to enter the building .
After a short period of time , the first person was able to find and lead to the open air .
The second person had to be worn .
This was not so easy , as there was also a narrow staircase to overcome .
The building , a workshop with integrated stables for two horses , was not easy to secure .
There was a lot of wood and straw bales in it .
There were also electric machines for woodworking .
The first extinguishing attack took place via the tank in the vehicle .
Another line took place via a flood hydrant about 100 meters away .
Three extinguishing attacks have now been designed .
A hollow pipe was also used in the building .
Hans Kammerer also wanted to show what to do with little available staff .
In case of emergency , support is provided via the Königsfeld day - to - day operation group .
The commander was satisfied with the exercise .
Networking of universities and companies
During his visit to the district of Breisgau - High Black Forest , the regional president , Guido Wolf , also told Titisee - Neustadt where the workers of tomorrow come from .
In the High - Black Forest Funding Centre , he and the managers of the vocational schools and the district grammar school and the chairmen of the parents ' advisory board examined this important question .
" Education is an important location factor , " underlined Claudia Stehle , director of the Hans - Thoma - Schule , who presented the networked educational project Hochschwarzwald .
Wolf was impressed by the model projects for training .
Since 2011 there has been a successful cooperation between the Centre of Funding , the Gymnasium District and the Vocational School Centre .
He also praised the family friendliness in the district .
" It is important to look not only at the family phase , but also at the care - for - relatives phase , " Wolf explained .
He also said that more and more workers look after the care and care of their relatives .
" Without the help of employers , the resulting burden on employees can lead to an end to the employment relationship , " Wolf said .
But no one can afford to lose skilled labour , he said .
Another factor that is particularly important is the networking of universities and businesses .
" Those who have already learned the region 's benefits during their studies often retain the regional economy with their acquired knowledge and skills , which helps to strengthen the region , " the President of the Landtag was convinced .
Only if sufficient training places were offered can the needs of skilled workers be met .
In his opinion , the district 's location advantage is its favourable location in the south - west of Germany , close to France and Switzerland .
In addition , on his train journey from Titisee - Neustadt to Freiburg , he experienced the efforts already made to develop public transport .
" Continue to persevere and make public transport improve , " he said to the local politicians present .
Experiencing an entertaining afternoon with music
The Kaul family has been inviting the Dietinger seniors to coffee , cake and then to a vesper for 15 years .
In the past , the restaurant served the elderly .
In the meantime this afternoon will take place in the St. Josef nursing home .
The locals were looking forward to the delicious cakes and cakes .
Later there was a sausage salad .
Silvia Kimmich - Bantle and her father Karl Kimmich kept up with common melodies .
The over 100-year - old natural stone wall as the front line of the ancient school yard to the Kirchstraße , which is about to be rehabilitated , is once again to be added to the city of Bräunlingen 's redevelopment cost plan .
In the days before the Kilbig , the first work on the renovation of the front school yard included a small angular wall to stabilize and statically relieve the over one hundred - year - old natural stone wall with balustrade .
According to Alexander Misok of the Bräunlinger Stadtbauamt , the State Monument Office is to be involved in the planning and to draw up a redevelopment plan for the old wall .
The aim is to calculate costs by experts , which will then be put on the table of the local council to decide and determine the way forward .
A decision on this will probably be taken next year .
After the renovation , paving and tree planting of the old school yard within the two sides of the school built in 1912 , the follow - up action must be taken in the foreseeable future , to rehabilitate the border wall in need of renovation and to put it on a new base .
The historic , one hundred - year - old barrier wall of the old school yard to the church street is in need of rehabilitation due mainly to damage to water and frost , as there is no drainage , and has an arc inclination forward .
Deep cracks in individual stones bear witness to weather damage , but the wall is not currently in danger of collapse .
A stable wall is a prerequisite for a school yard used by students , which has been done by the current fortifications .
Originally , the school yard renovation was already planned in 2008/2009 , but high unscheduled expenditure led to a shift .
An important word in the historic rehabilitation of the school wall , which has even been used for filming , will be the State Monument Office .
If this is the case , then the town of Bräunlingen is hoping for grants from the monument protectors .
The pupils of the Bräunlinger Primary School , who are now back in a well - rehabilitated old school building with a new aula , will soon be able to use the old school yard .
Özdemir wants to get jazz education in Stuttgart
Cem Özdemir , Federal Chairman of the Greens , has now become involved in the ongoing discussions about the future of the music colleges in Baden - Württemberg .
" I think it is wrong to abandon the holistic education at the Musikhochschule Stuttgart , " Özdemir said the " Stuttgart News " .
Jazz and classical music belong together at the jazz location of Stuttgart .
In this way , Özdemir , who is considered to be the favourite in Stuttgart for a direct mandate in the Bundestag elections on 22 September , is opposed to the Green - Red Land Government .
On the basis of an expert study , this promotes a reorganization of the five music colleges in Baden - Württemberg .
After that , the degree course Jazz and Pop will be transferred from the Musikhochschule Stuttgart to the Musikhochschule Mannheim .
US Border : " Super Tunnel " Discovered for Drug smuggling
On the Mexican - US border , investigators have discovered and closed a " super - tunnel " on drug smuggling .
The more than 500-metre - long tube between Tijuana and San Diego was equipped with electricity , railway tracks , and ventilation .
Three suspects were arrested , eight tonnes of marijuana and almost 150 kilograms of cocaine were seized .
According to the information , the tunnel had not yet been used .
" These cartels are stupid if they think they can dig themselves under the radar , " said Laura Duffy , US District Attorney General , at a press conference in front of a warehouse in San Diego , where an end of the tunnel had been discovered .
As Duffy assured the drug gangs , " If you continue to build such tunnels and try to use them , we are determined to make them a huge waste of your dirty money . "
Both the US authorities and the Mexican security forces are engaged in a long - term fight against the drug cartels .
Since 2006 , more than 77 000 people have been killed in Mexico in connection with drug - related crime .
Constructed by Experts
Due to the extensive equipment of the tunnel , the investigators assume that it was designed by architects and engineers and that it took about a year to build it .
The track system was equipped in such a way that electric cars could be used there .
On the Mexican side , access is in a building 80 meters from the border .
According to the authorities , a ladder leads 20 metres deep to the actual tunnel entrance .
The tunnel has a cross section of 1.20 metres in height and 90 centimetres in width .
It would also have been appropriate to promote illegal immigration towards the USA .
Two of the suspects were arrested in connection with the cocaine fund .
The third , a Mexican , was captured because of the seizure of marijuana .
All three , as officials have said , are threatened with a maximum sentence of life imprisonment .
Eight such tunnels have been discovered since 2006 , the press conference in San Diego continued .
However , this is the first time that cocaine has been found in such a tunnel .
Normally , cocaine is smuggled in smaller quantities and not through tunnels .
This shows the " desperation " of drug gangs , whose traditional routes are now cut off , said Bill Sherman of the DEA drug search in San Diego .
They would do everything to get to the US .
There were no details of the arrests , at least one was Mexican , they said .
They are expected to face prison sentences of up to ten years .
2014 will be the year of the Geisin festival .
The anniversary of the city of Geisen on the occasion of the 1250 .
The return of the first documentary mention is coming ever closer .
When the year comes to an end in just over eight weeks , the anniversary year will come .
Geissen and church houses were first mentioned together in a document in 794 .
A document has been produced in churches in which both places are mentioned .
On 15 March there is to be an official start for the anniversary year , and as Geisen currently has no hall , this kick - off event will take place in the place where 1250 years ago both were mentioned for the first time , in Kirchen - Hausen .
As part of the anniversary , several events are planned both in Geisen and in church houses .
Church houses will be held in July on a weekend of July 18 - 20 the 1250 .
Celebrate a return .
On Friday with a festival event , on Saturday and Sunday with a party around the Kirchtalhalle .
On this weekend there is also the Church - Hausen Church Festival .
City Music Director Rudolf Barth has written an order composition for the city on the occasion of the anniversary , which will be performed at three dates .
On June 21 , together with the Sunwend Celebration of the Black Forest Society , July 12 in the fireworks arena and December 13 , the first concert of city music in the new Festhalle .
It will be ready and inaugurated in the anniversary year , the official date is the last weekend of September , 27 and 28 September .
On the occasion of the anniversary of the city of Geising , a new chronicle will also be released .
" But it should become a chronicle not only of Geisen , but also a printed work about today 's vision , which consists of Geisen , Kirche - Hausen , Leipferdingen , Aulfingen and Gutmadingen , " says Mayor Walter Hengstler .
The spirit of today is also celebrating its 2014 birthday , and in 1974 today 's space with the communities was completed .
The new chronicle will be presented on 21 or 22 November in the new Festhalle in Geisen .
But 2014 is also a year with many anniversaries .
The Strohglonki Fool Guild begins on 8 February with a customary evening on the occasion of its 60th anniversary , the Goodmading Harmony will be 90 years and has the festive banquet on 29 March and then celebrates the District Music Festival from 1 to 4 May.
The Altenwerk Leipzigerdingen is 40 years old , the Geisinger School has been at its new location for 50 years and celebrates it on 10 May , the Musikverein Polyhymnia Leipferdingen becomes 150 years old and celebrates it at the Brunnenfest from 4 to 7 July .
The town of Geisen was first mentioned in 764 in a donation document owned by the St. Gallen Monastery .
The document was produced in churches ( houses ) , which was then a court .
Both communities are mentioned in the same document .
Reason to celebrate this 1250-year - old , in 2014 , is in addition to 40 years of municipal reform .
Council has its sights set on track systems
Should the ' Am Hirschen ' railway crossing be extended in order to increase road safety ?
Yes , the local councils have decided .
Schiltach must take EUR 220 000 in hand .
Deutsche Bahn plans to improve the Kinzigtal railway line in the coming year .
In particular , safety at railway crossings is to be increased - there are regular collisions of trains with other vehicles nationwide .
If the municipalities agree to the reconstruction , they must share the costs with one - third , and the rest share the railways and the federal government .
Schiltach 's town builder Roland Griesshaber explained to the municipal council the peculiarities of the Bah crossing " Am Hirschen " .
There , the city plans to build an outpouring to the west of the railway railway line at the height of the tunnel mund .
Larger vehicles , such as those carrying long - wood , could also stand by the other side of the road without having to block the tracks .
Grießhaber therefore proposed to construct a necessary support wall in such a way that , in due course , the city could broaden the subsequent road to ensure a smooth flow of traffic .
This has been controversially discussed in the local council , as some councils doubted the need for road proliferation : Thomas Kipp pointed out the critics ' mood : " Do we have so much money to spend on so few vehicles ? "
Mayor Thomas Haas contradicted : The railroad crossing " Hirschen " is regularly used for long - timber transport .
Even wood from the " Kuhbach " area is partly transported through this route because the vehicles up to 20 metres long could not use the route at the Häberles bridge because they could not turn there into the main road .
In addition , the route serves as a diversion for those vehicles that are not allowed to use the tunnel when the main road is closed , Haas argued .
The Kirchberg and Schlossberg tunnels need to be rebuilt and rehabilitated , as is currently the case in Wolfach , and the ' Am ' Hirschen ' railway crossing could have an important role to play for a longer period of time .
The councils agreed to investigate the costs of the planned widening of the road .
In spite of this , the majority agreed to the reconstruction of the railway crossing with the proviso that the required support wall would be built in such a way that the city would be able to extend the subsequent road in the direction of " Bahnhofstrasse " to around 5.5 metres , if necessary for the intersection .
The reconstruction of the railway crossing at the Tannere Trautwein , on the other hand , could lead to a completely different problem , which concerns access to the sharply rising " Geroltzhäuser Weg " .
The administration had the Breinlinger engineering office examined the rebuilding plans of the railway , as it had doubts as to whether the planned connection of the Geroltzhäuser Weg was then easily possible .
The study found that there is no exception that the inclination of the road could lead to longer vehicles sitting up .
The city , in turn , bears responsibility for this as a road builder .
The reconstruction could therefore lead to liability disputes .
Because both the logging and the bending worked in the current state of expansion , one should not agree to rebuilding the railway crossing , Haas argued .
At this point , the risk of a collision of the train with a vehicle in transit is much less than at the other rail crossings , because the stop right next to the center is the one with a good visibility connection .
Even trains from the main station would have to be put on the brakes so far that no collision is threatening .
The majority refused to approve the reconstruction of this railway crossing because the city of Schiltach had " to cause the problem of seating vehicles " , according to the Council , since the railway could withdraw from its responsibilities after the construction work had been completed .
The committee considers the reconstructions at the railway crossings " Vor Heubach " and " Vor Kuhbach " as unproblematic , for which crossings have already been made with the railway .
Esa decides on major space missions : billions of dollars in missions .
Distant planets , gravity waves or black holes - experts from the European Space Agency must now agree on two major projects that they want to launch in the coming years .
There were 30 suggestions , five are still in the race .
Distant worlds .
More than 1000 planets on other stars have already found astronomers .
Whether there are at least some lives is unknown .
The choice is difficult : should you search for gravity waves ?
Or would you rather explore the origin of the cosmos ?
Or finding Earth - like planets and discovering alien life ?
These are the questions that are being asked by the leaders of the European Space Agency Esa .
For their " Cosmic Vision " programme , they are looking for ideas for two major space projects , which are intended to make a decisive contribution to research .
The budget for such " L - missions " is approximately EUR 1 billion .
The start is expected to be in 2028 and 2034 .
In early September , the elite of European space research met in Paris to discuss proposals for such missions .
Thirty ideas were on the table , five of them are now in the short term .
Numerous bodies have examined the proposals , and are raising the profile of researchers .
In the next few days a final decision is to be taken by the scientific programme committee .
Esa has selected a total of four major questions to which the missions of the " Cosmic Vision " program , initiated in 2007 , will find answers .
What are the conditions for the emergence of planets and life ?
The precise processes in which stars are formed from large gas clouds - and thus the emergence of planets that orbit these stars - are still in the proverbial dark .
A large infrared telescope in space could penetrate this darkness .
And if a star has planets , under what circumstances can life be created there ?
In 2017 , the " Cheops " space telescope will be launched to investigate more closely 500 known planet systems in our vicinity .
But the possibilities are limited , Cheops is a small mission with a budget of EUR 150 million .
With larger instruments , astronomers could map planets like earth , and even analyze the composition of their atmospheres , looking for " biomarkers " : gases that are considered to indicate biological activity .
How does the solar system work ?
This question , too , should ultimately shed light on the preconditions for the emergence of life .
The magnetic activity of a star and the interaction of its magnetic field and the particle radiation it emanates from the planet system play an important role .
In our solar system , these processes can be examined in an exemplary manner .
With the " Solar Orbiter " , Esa has already approved an M - class mission ( the budget is about half a billion euros ) for this issue .
The probe will start in 2017 and will monitor the surface and activity of the sun closely .
Jupiter and his moons are also of great interest to the researchers .
They want to find out what role the giant planet played in the development of the solar system .
The first of the three L missions of the " Cosmic Vision " programme is planned for this purpose .
The Juice probe ( Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer ) is expected to begin its journey in 2022 .
Eight years later , it reaches Jupiter and is to study the planet 's atmosphere as well as the icy moons of Europe , Kallisto and Ganymed .
What are the basic physical laws of the universe ?
The universe offers many ways to study matter in extreme conditions and thus to examine whether the laws of nature we know are still valid there .
Perhaps there are deviations that could show physicists the way to a new theory under which all known laws of nature can be united .
How was the universe created and what is it ?
Our cosmos came into being through the big bang 13.7 billion years ago .
In addition to the matter we know of , which consists of stars , planets , and living beings like us , there is dark matter , whose gravity holds galaxies and clusters together , and dark energy , which accelerates the expansion of space .
So far , researchers do not know which physical laws were valid in the first fractions of the big bang , nor what dark matter and dark energy consist of .
Esa has already approved an M mission with " Euclid " , which will be launched in 2020 .
With a special telescope , the probe is intended to study the distribution of matter in the universe for the first time in the whole of the sky and thus provide conclusions on the nature of dark matter and dark energy .
Who Can Race
Of the 30 proposals , only two will remain at the end of the selection process .
According to many experts , " E - Lisa " has the best chances of obtaining an L - mission , an ambitious concept for detecting gravitational waves .
By this , physicists understand changes in the structure of space time that Albert Einstein predicted almost 100 years ago .
They have not been proven to this day .
Elisa could do that , the scientists hope behind the project .
The mission provides for a detector consisting of two or three probes and is stationed in space .
In contrast to plants on earth , it could also provide wave gravitation that arose during the big bang , thus providing new insights into the emergence of the cosmos .
Four more proposals compete for the second L mission : a large X - ray telescope called Athena , which is to explore black holes , " Icy Planets , " another mission to the outer planets of the solar system , " Prism , a cosmic background radiation mission , and the " Exoplanet Finder , " which is to detect and study Earth - like planets .
Proposals have already been dropped , among others , on sample transport from Mars , on exploration of the moon , Venus , and asteroids , and on solar physics .
Snowden Ready to " Cooperate " with Germany on US Surveillance
Edward Snowden , the US intelligence whistleblower , has said that he is ready to go to Berlin and testify before the German Bundestag if the US National Security Agency and its director , Keith Alexander , do not give answers about their activities .
German MEP Hans - Christian Ströbele met Snowden in Russia on Thursday , where he was granted asylum in order to discuss the statement in Germany .
In a letter from Snowden presented to the media in Berlin on Friday by Ströbele , he wrote : " Even if the outcome of my efforts has been demonstrably positive , my government continues to treat a dissent as a breach of fidelity and seeks to criminalize political expression with a threat of punishment , in which no defence is possible . "
To tell the truth is not a crime .
In the letter , Snowden wrote that he was convinced that the international community 's support could persuade the American government to drop the charge .
The US Department of Justice indictment includes espionage and theft of state property .
The German Interior Minister , Hans - Peter Friedrich , said to Zeit Online : ' If Mr Snowden is prepared to talk to German representatives , then we will find ways to make this possible ' .
Relations between the US and Germany are burdened by claims that the NSA has eavesdropped Chancellor Angela Merkel 's mobile phone .
Thomas Oppermann , the Member who heads the secret service parliamentary committee , said that we should seize the opportunity to listen to Snowden as a witness , if possible , " without endangering him and completely ruining relations with the US . "
Ströbele , a member of the Greens , published a picture of himself and Snowden in his Twitter feed .
Two German journalists accompanied him on his visit to Russia .
Stroebele explained that , according to former NSA lawyer Snowden , he could not return to Russia if he left .
If Snowden in Germany says he needs assurances that he is " safe , " the honourable Member says .
In his letter , Snowden states that he is facing a " serious and ongoing " campaign of persecution that has driven him out of his homeland .
However , it is touched by the global response to ' my act of political expression ' .
Citizens around the world , as well as high - ranking politicians - including in the United States - have described the revelations about an uncontrolled system of comprehensive surveillance as a public credit .
In his letter , Snowden makes an offer to the German authorities to cooperate " when the difficulties surrounding the humanitarian situation have been resolved " .
Frontier Airlines charges cabin baggage charges
Frontier Airlines plans to charge up to USD 100 for passengers who wish to store hand baggage on their flight .
Frontier Airlines intends to charge up to $ 100 for one piece of hand baggage and $ 2 for coffee or lemonade , even if the announcement on Wednesday stated that passengers should keep the whole can .
The new fee applies for hand baggage in the baggage compartment above the seat , small bags under the seat are still free of charge .
Frontier said that if the fee is paid in advance , it will be charged $ 25 , and $ 100 if you pay at the boarding gate .
Frontier spokeswoman Kate O'Malley said that the $ 100 fee is intended to move travellers to take care of the payment in advance .
" We do not want to calculate this sum , " she said .
In 2008 , airlines began charging for the first and second checked baggage .
Passengers who tried to bypass them have therefore piled as much as possible into their hand baggage , which means that the baggage compartments over the seat are often overcrowded .
Charges are one way to get passengers on board less .
O'Malley said that the new fee is not really about making money .
It is about the most loyal Frontier customers , who have made it clear that it is becoming more and more difficult to find space in the compartment above the headquarters .
Passengers who buy their tickets on the airline 's website do not have to pay .
This means that a passenger may take one piece of baggage at the Frontier gate free of charge , but the next person may have to pay 100 dollars for a comparable baggage .
O'Malley stated that the Frontier website and check - in procedures are being changed so that passengers are informed of the fee before they arrive at the gate .
Frontier 's new hand baggage fee will not come into force until the summer , but there is no exact date yet .
Passengers often abuse baggage surcharges and other charges , but airlines like to use them .
They argue that transporting the baggage costs money and that passengers should pay for this service if they wanted it .
Many on Wall Street view the new baggage charges as a sign that airlines are taking enough money to cover the cost of air travel after years of loss .
Most , however , have so far left the fingers of charges for hand baggage .
Spirit Airlines Inc. was the first charge for hand baggage three years ago and later followed by Allegiant Air , also a low - cost airline .
The only other airline with such a charge is the Hungarian Wizz Air , explained the airline consultant Jay Sorensen , who closely follows the additional charges .
In a December 2011 report , he estimates that the hand baggage fee will bring in Spirit USD 50 million per year .
Sorensen , who previously held a leading position at Midwest Airlines , recently flown with Spirit and was curious to hear what he would expect at the boarding gate if passengers faced the company 's unusual hand baggage charge .
" The boarding process was one of the smoothest I have experienced in my career in aviation , " he said .
I expected to see teeth gritting and hard discussions on the gateway .
" The plane was full , " he said , " and boarding was lubricated . "
Frontier also follows Spirit on the $ 2 required for coffee , tea , lemonade or juice .
The company stated that passengers who bought lemonade or juice would be allowed to keep the whole can and that coffee would be refilled for free .
Water is still free .
In 2008 , US Airways briefly tried to demand money for soft drinks , but seven months later , after passengers had complained and no other major company had been brought back into business .
Frontiers ' move to charge hand baggage if passengers do not buy directly from the airline is the latest initiative to bring customers to their own website .
Airlines pay online travel agencies such as Orbitz 10 to 25 US dollars per ticket sold .
This provides an incentive for all companies to encourage passengers to buy directly from them rather than through an online travel agency .
Frontier , however , has gone furthest in this area .
In September , the company started to award half the number of frequent flyer miles when booking through an online travel agency .
On Wednesday , the mileage was again cut to 25 % of the route .
For this reason , a Frontier - over - 1000-mile flight booked with a third - party carrier will only earn 250 miles to customers .
Passengers can also only book directly on the Frontier Seats website .
Frontier has a loyal customer base in Denver , but business is shrinking and the company is losing money .
Revenues declined by 9 percent and aircraft capacity declined by just under 13 percent in the first quarter , as stated in the financial report published on Wednesday by the parent company , Republic Airways Holdings Inc.
Republic has tried to get a grip on Frontier 's finances as part of the company 's sale .
Sayings come from the Bible
About 40 women attended the last women 's breakfast this year in the Protestant parish of Bisingen .
The theme of the day in the parish hall was " Proverbs from the Bible " and " Phrases from the Middle Ages " .
After breakfast , Zita Köhler , the head of the parish , addressed the biblical proverbs in a lecture .
" Proverbs contain wisdoms of life , regulations or warnings , " she explained .
She compared several proverbs to the corresponding Bible statements and explained the meaning .
She mentioned proverbs such as : wooden eyes are vigilant , as scales fall from the eyes , cast an eye on someone who has the Lord in sleep , wash his hands .
On several occasions the speaker also advised the audience what the saying was .
The parish councillor Christel Dehner took up the phrase from the Middle Ages : all good things are three , make blue , hide something .
She explained the meaning and origin of the phrases she called " bridges to the past " .
Finally , a raffle was raffled out .
The prizes were covered on a table and humorously rewritten before being handed over to the winners .
Among the visitors of the breakfast round , Roman Waizenegger , the mayor candidate , also mixed .
Learning instead of unemployment : pilot project for unskilled tourism
Today , a pilot project for the tourism industry is launched on the Mecklenburg Lake District .
Under the leadership of the Federal Employment Agency , 49 women and men who are already unskilled in the industry are to be qualified for hotels and restaurants over three winters .
" What is new is that the six - month courses end with diplomas , " said Carmen Wiechert of the employment agency Neubrandenburg .
The benefits are manifold : it would not leave the participants unemployed , it would give firms skilled workers who are increasingly lacking in hotels and restaurants , and it would not have to finance unemployment .
The project also includes the Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Neubrandenburg as well as the German Hotel and Restaurant Association ( Dehoga ) Mecklenburg - Western Pomerania .
NSA declares a " internal error " and not hackers are to blame for the site 's crash .
The shadowy National Security Agency stated late Friday that a bug had paralysed its public site for several hours , not hackers , as was claimed online .
" NSA.gov was unavailable for several hours tonight because an internal error occurred during a planned update , " the espionage agency explained in an email message .
The problem will be resolved this evening .
The claim that the failure was caused by a distributed denial of service attack ( DDoS ) is untrue .
In the early evening , online server trackers noticed that the NSA website was unavailable for at least six hours , and that some users still do not .
Previously , a NSA spokesman told ABC News that the agency 's sensitive internal network was " not compromised in any way . "
Secret information is not in danger , says the speaker .
At least one group of hactivists claimed to have paralysed the NSA website with a DDoS attack .
In the event of such attacks , the target site will be flooded with page views until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses .
The cyber tactics are relatively simple and the attacks are not intended to penetrate the internal network of the target system .
The former super - secret NSA , whose nickname once was No Such Agency ( No such agency ) , is now in the bright light of day , and faces harsh criticism after the revelations about its extensive surveillance program at home and abroad in recent months - a result of the secret NSA data stolen and published by disillusioned former NSA member Edward Snowden .
The growing controversy over the secret service fueled initial speculation that the incident today is the result of targeted cyber - operation .
The number of people without a job has fallen slightly in October by 22 to 1.307 .
Although the quota is 3.1 % better than last year and also better than in September , " we had hoped for more , " says Monika Feld - Bauer , deputy head of the agency for work in Sonthofen .
Many companies have so far reacted cautiously to recruitment .
One reason for this , according to field farmers , is that we have hardly any skilled workers in the craft industry , in health care and in care of the elderly .
Since September of this year , there have also been new job offers for staff in the hotel and catering industry .
The winter season begins in mid - December .
You can find the full background report in the Allgäu display sheet of 31.10.2013 ( page 33 ) .
Losses in Bombardier 's profits after falling delivery and orders
On Thursday , Canadian aircraft and rail manufacturer Bombardier Inc reported a 15 % drop in net profit after having come under pressure from declining orders and deliveries for third - quarter aircraft and contractual problems in the railway sector .
Bombardier , based in Montreal , also failed to publish flight test data for its brand - new CSeries aircraft , and failed to provide new information on whether the aircraft could go into commercial use under the ambitious schedule next September .
The maiden flight of the test aircraft a month and a half ago has only been followed by three more take - offs , which makes it questionable whether the test phase is as planned .
The results fell short of forecasts and led to a drop of more than eight percent in the Toronto Stock Exchange .
Cameron Doerksen , analyst at National Bank Financial , lowered his rating on Thursday from " outperform " to " sector perform " in view of the fact that the stock has limited price potential over the next one to two quarters .
" Although weaker aircraft deliveries were expected as much as possible , we are clearly disappointed by the trend in transport margins , " said Doerken in a customer letter .
We believe that Bombardier will receive new orders for the CSeries as the aircraft test program progresses .
If , however , no new orders are announced in the coming months , we expect the market to become more sceptical about the program .
Bombardier hopes that the CSeries aircraft series can catapult the company into the lower market segment that is currently dominated by Boeing and Airbus .
The first test aircraft was presented to the public in March , and flew for the first time in September after months of delays .
But binding orders for CSeries are moderate at 177 , as potential buyers are waiting for the results of flight tests and want to see whether the company 's claims about fuel efficiency and cost - saving potential of the new jet aircraft are true .
At present there are a total of 403 orders and commitments from 15 customers and companies .
CEO Pierre Beaudoin is confident that Bombardier will reach its 300 binding orders at the beginning of commercial use of the jet .
On Thursday , the company 's management also told analysts and the media that the programme was on schedule .
" The test aircraft did not stay on the ground any longer than expected , " Beaudoin said at a telephone conference , adding that ground tests and software updates were scheduled during the aircraft 's lifetime .
Each manufacturer plans differently .
We have decided to make a first flight and then add a review period , which we have also done .
This is happening throughout the programme .
The second out of five test aircraft is expected to take off in the next few weeks , and the rest shortly afterwards , the company said .
However , analysts remain sceptical as to whether the first customer will be able to operate a CSeries aircraft 12 months after the maiden flight .
Bombardier stated that it is reviewing the commissioning plan ( EIS ) and will update it in the coming months .
" The slow progress of the flight tests - although they seem to be in line with Bombardier 's internal planning - reinforces our view that the start - up of the flight will be postponed to the first quarter of 2015 , " said Doerken .
In the third quarter , at the end of September 30 , Bombardier 's net profit fell to $ 147 million , or 8 cents per share of $ 172 million , or 9 cents per share a year earlier .
The adjusted earnings per share remain 9 cents .
Sales declined slightly from $ 4.2 billion to $ 4.1 billion .
Analysts had expected a profit of 10 cents per share and sales of 4.56 billion dollars , according to Thomson Reuters I / B / E / S.
The world 's fourth - largest aircraft manufacturer claims that it has delivered 45 aircraft this quarter , a decrease of 57 last year .
Net orders fell from 83 aircraft to 26 .
The order book in the aerospace sector stood at $ 32.9 billion on 30 September and was thus unchanged on 31 December .
" In the aerospace sector , the results were within the limits of our targets , but the low order intake and overall market conditions were disappointing , " said Beaudoin .
Sales in the aerospace sector fell by 13 % to $ 2 billion .
Bombardier , the world 's largest railway manufacturer , announced that sales in this segment rose by just under 11 % to $ 2.1 billion .
On 30 September , the order book in the transport sector amounted to $ 32.6 billion , slightly increasing from 31 December .
The profit margin in the transport sector has been affected by some major contract settlement problems .
According to the management , there will be new targets for the fourth quarter .
In Thursday 's afternoon trading , the Bombardier share dropped by 8.5 % and stood at $ 4.83 , after it was also announced that Google 's CFO Patrick Pichette will switch to the Board .
The Brazilian Embraer SA , the world 's third - largest commercial aircraft manufacturer and bombardier 's closest rival , reported a 10 % drop in quarterly profits on Thursday .
Firing at Los Angeles Airport
On Friday morning ( local time ) an unknown person fired shots at LAX airport .
While the airport management announced through Twitter , the shooter was in custody , the Los Angeles Times reported that the man was dead .
A security man has also been killed .
The media also reported several injuries .
US President Barack Obama will be kept constantly informed of the situation , said the White House spokesman , Jay Carney .
The incident took place in Terminal 3 , Eyewitnesses reported seeing a shooter with a rifle in one of the departure halls , as several media reported .
A traveller told the CNN station that many people wanted protection in panic .
Travellers would have shouted and children would have cried .
Panic broke out among those waiting , many hiding behind chairs for fear .
He has heard two shots , says a traveller from the Los Angeles Times .
A TSA security official has suffered a firebreak at the foot .
The scene was " like in a film " .
After that , he himself was brought into a security area , the man reported .
The shots are said to have fallen near a security control area .
Airport Buildings Evacuated
Television pictures show the number of ambulance and police cars in front of a terminal .
Hundreds of people were taken out of the building .
Users published photos of a special deployment command and a ground rifle on Twitter .
As the airport management told us via Twitter , the incident started at 9.30 am ( local time ) .
The roads were closed , which led to a long backlog of traffic jams , according to CNN .
It was said that , except for landings , air traffic had been temporarily stopped .
However , CNN has also seen several planes at the start .
Terminal 3 is mainly served by smaller US airlines .
Los Angeles LAX Airport is one of the largest airports in the United States .
Cocaine - dependent lawyer who warned drug bosses about police investigation must go to prison
Basharat Ditta , 42 , shared information to the underworld size Neil Scarborough
The lawyer was afraid that his secret drug addiction might come to light .
He was sentenced to three years in prison by the Liverpool Crown Court .
A well - known criminal defender who warned a drug baron against a major police investigation because he was afraid that his secret drug addiction could be uncovered was sentenced to three years in prison .
Basharat Ditta , 42 , underworld size , provided Neil Scarborough with sensitive information about his drug - trafficking activities after being compromised by his own coca addiction .
The criminally - acclaimed " first - class " lawyer , nicknamed " Bash , " was arrested in his house in 2011 after police supervised Scarborough , whom he represented in an earlier drug trial .
Officials watched Scarborough ( 32 ) delivered three bags of cocaine to the lawyer 's home in Blackburn , Lancashire , while he and his colleagues were at a bar meal .
The investigation revealed that Ditta regularly consumed class A drugs after tests found traces of cocaine in his hair , on his wallet , and on credit cards .
For a period of eight months between January and August 2011 , he sought to obtain unauthorized information on the arrest of two men on behalf of Scarborough and one of his partners .
All four suspects were then monitored by the police as part of a major investigation into heroin and cocaine trade in Lancashire , Cumbria , Merseyside , Berkshire and West Yorkshire .
Together with 32 other people , they were later arrested after the police secured heroin and cocaine worth £ 1.5 million and £ 200,000 in cash in a series of house searches .
Ditta , 42 , gave information to the criminals because he feared that his drug addiction could become public .
Today , Ditta , who works for Forbes Solicitors in Blackburn , was found guilty and convicted at Liverpool 's Crown Court after a three - week trial in two cases of obstruction .
He admitted cocaine in an earlier interview .
The lawyer was convicted after the police found out in their investigation of Scarborough that he had been in regular telephone contact with Ditta in February 2011 .
Two investigators followed the suspect and saw him go to Ditta 's house to put the drugs under the lawyer 's garbage bar with 60 % purity in a black golf glove .
Shortly after the drug delivery , Scarborough regularly telephoned with Ditta , who was at dinner at the Blackburn Rovers football stadium in Ewood Park .
The lawyer returned home , picked up the drugs and then exchanged nine messages between the two .
It became known in court that Ditta was a " regular consumer " of cocaine after class A drugs had been discovered in his hair , wallet , and credit card tests .
Ditta was later arrested , but refused to take cocaine and said that he had spoken to the alleged dealer because he was his client and claimed that their discussion was subject to " legal secrecy . "
During his arrest , Ditta took his wallet and tried to remove a number of credit cards , but they were secured and a hair sample was taken from him .
During the police interrogation , he said that he was running an office both in his private address and in the workplace , and clients would call him at home for legal matters .
It was reported in court that he had called on major drug traffickers , some of whom he represented before , after significant arrests , and informed the investigators of what they knew about them .
Prosecutor Anne Whyte said , " A criminal prosecutor should know better than anyone that the law is not broken . "
Ditta is accused of abuse of his position as a criminal defender because he has engaged too much with certain clients .
The relationship in question is not simply that of a drug trafficker , but that of a drug trafficker who supplies his lawyer with drugs .
Some of his communications were undoubtedly legitimate , since he was the lawyer of these people .
But this went far beyond the boundaries of a normal legal - client relationship .
It has acted as much as possible to counter the police investigation so that they could continue to carry out their criminal activities .
Mr Ditta brought his profession into disrepute .
He was too close to certain clients , particularly Scarborough , and he allowed his independence to be compromised .
Ditta dismissed any misconduct and said , " If I were a corrupt lawyer , which I am not , and I wanted to pass on information to Scarborough , I would not wait 15 hours , I would do so immediately . "
But , after the hearing , the police superintendent in Lancashire , Lee Halstead , said : ' Mr Ditta took the step from a criminal defender to a criminal when he started to buy drugs from organised criminals ' .
His addiction to cocaine led to a hopeless compromise and made him susceptible to the motives of leading members of organised crime , who instructed him to obtain valuable information on police investigations .
Lawyers must maintain the highest standards of integrity and inspire public confidence and confidence .
Ditta has betrayed this trust and tried to hide behind the façade of his profession .
The Lancashire Serious and Organised Crime Unit led the investigation of Ditta , which also led to a conviction in three cases for possession of cocaine and impediment to justice , underlining our determination to bring criminals to justice .
This case should be a warning to criminals and shows that no one can escape the arm of the law .
We will find you and bring you to court .
Scarborough himself was sentenced to 14 years in prison after conspiracy to trade heroin , cocaine , and cannabis .
Thirty - five more people involved in the drug trade have been sentenced to total penalties of 153 years for drug offences .
On his website , Ditta published an area of questions and answers about himself , in which he stated that his dream job was to represent clients on death row in America as a lawyer , his ultimate dinner guest was Mohammed Ali , and inequality of opportunity was the motivation for his work .
Revolutionary work of church music
At the end of the celebrations of its 160th anniversary , the Liederkranz Dunningen will frame two services with the " Deutsche Messe " by Franz Schubert .
After the great success of the musical " Rock my Life " , which attracted the audience in the spring of this year , the song wreath for the end of the anniversary year will enrich two services with the performance of the German Mass by Franz Schubert .
On Saturday , October 26th , this extraordinary fair will take place from 19 during the evening mass in the St. Martinus church in Dunningen and on Sunday , October 27th , at 10:15 am at the divine service in the St. John Baptist church in Lackendorf .
The so - called German Mass with the original title " Songs for the Celebration of the Holy Sacrifice of Mass " , D 872 , is a sacred music work by the composer Franz Schubert from 1826 and was considered to be almost revolutionary at the time of its creation .
The Mass will be performed as part of the services , as the customer Johann Philipp Neumann had in mind .
Under the direction of Hermann Schneider , the choir is accompanied by the group of brass members of the music association Frohinn Tennenbronn and Noemi Lokodi on the organ .
Haslach 's Skepticism Gives Away More and more Confidence
For example , with the 2015 elections to the parish council , the Haslach ( SE ) military unit will undergo fundamental changes .
There is then only one parish council for all six parishes .
In a joint meeting on Saturday , the committees from Haslach , Hofstetten , Mühlenbach , Fischerbach , Steinach and Welschensteinach prepared for the changes .
The basic decisions of the diocese can no longer be changed and it is up to the parish councils to implement them as satisfactorily as possible .
Over the course of the day , it became particularly clear that skepticism about what is new has given way to confidence .
From the ideas and expectations of the innovations in 2015 to concrete proposals on the future composition and size of the parish council , the very constructive discussions between the six bodies with the principal officers of the Maritime Assistance Team range .
Regional Dean Georg Schmitt explained the new guidelines for military units in the Archdiocese of Freiburg .
After that , the SE Haslach as a church will in future form a public corporation which will enter into the rights and duties of the previously six individual church communities .
There will be only one parish council and one foundation board in which the parish power is represented .
At least two elected members are to be represented from each parish , and so - called community teams are to be formed in the six parishes .
Their task in the future will be to promote church life in the place .
The question of the finances of each parish then demonstrated a considerable need for discussion .
The new features provide for funds accumulated in the parishes to be retained .
Liabilities , on the other hand , apply to the whole community .
There were major concerns , particularly with regard to the large planned investments , the obligation of which would affect all parishes .
" In the past , investment was made only in projects that could be managed by the individual parishes alone " , Haslach 's parish chairman , Bruno Prinzbach .
Practical experience with a joint body for five parishes was described by Barbar Ritter , the chair of the board in the Schutterwald - Neuried ministry .
In 2006 , they set themselves the task of ' becoming one , remaining five ' and found that it was not so easy .
The councils of the Haslach Maritime Unit then set out to answer questions on the future composition and size of the common parish council and the practical work of the community teams .
The preparations will be fleshed out at further meetings and agreed at another joint meeting of all six bodies next spring .
In the end , the parish councilor Michael Schöner from Steinach presented the new logo of the ministry unit , which was approved by a clear majority .
In Pfullendorf , electricity becomes more expensive .
The citizens of Pfullendorf have to adapt to higher electricity costs .
As the managing director of Stadtwerke , Jörg - Arne Bias , confirmed opposite SUEDKURIER , a four - member Pfullendorfer family of 70 to 90 Euros more costs per year will be incurred .
The main reason for the forthcoming price increase is the rise in the so - called EEG levy from 5.277 to 6.3 cents per kilowatt - hour .
This levy is set annually in October by the four operators of the major electricity routes .
These quantify the additional costs they incur as a result of the change in energy , which they can charge by means of a levy above the electricity price .
The Stadtwerke Pfullendorf form the last link in this chain .
The energy company 's Supervisory Board even assumed a higher levy in its forecasts , as Jörg - Arne Bias reports .
The actual payments would now have to be calculated before Stadtwerke could inform its customers next week about the exact price increase .
" We expect an increase of 1 cent plus x , " says bias , with the number closer to 2 cents .
Long - term traffic lights : Pay attention to waiting time
Sometimes a traffic light simply does not become green .
The contact loop in the street does not react , or the light sign is broken .
What to do then - ride red ?
If a person has waited long enough at a red light and the crossroads are free , he can continue , says Stuttgart lawyer Ralf Becker in the magazine " Motorcycle " .
The waiting time must be ' appropriate ' , however , which can be interpreted differently on a case - by - case basis .
Becker advises to stay for at least five minutes before starting from a faulty traffic light .
However , if you continue to drive in red light , you must be aware that you are entirely responsible for an accident caused by this .
Anyone who tolerates less than five minutes may not wait long enough , warns Becker and refers to a decision of the Supreme Court of Hamm .
In the negotiated case , a driver had ignored the traffic lights after about three minutes and had to answer for a negligent red light offence .
After all , the traffic lights were not broken , but later turned to green .
He was spared a driving ban because of the special situation - but not the fine .
Local Council is pleased with a solid budget
Whenever the budget is discussed in local council meetings , Mayor Ralph Gerster laughed .
The local treasury in Herdwangen - Schönach is well stocked and the administration has not been aware of it since 2005 .
In this sense , the 2012 financial year can also be seen as a full success .
This was evident in the presentation of the annual accounts for 2012 .
As Andrea Rothmund pointed out , the administrative budget of around EUR 7.6 million was higher than planned than it was .
The administrative budget surplus , at around EUR 1.8 million , is also around EUR 1 million above the target .
The surplus is mainly due to higher commercial tax revenues and the community share of income tax .
The wealth budget was also well above the planned levels .
Instead of the EUR 1.5 million envisaged last year , it was EUR 2.5 million .
" This is largely due to the increased contribution from the administrative budget , " says Rothmund .
Since less investment was made in 2012 than planned , the reserve allocation was also higher .
Overall , the overall reserve was increased by around EUR 2.1 million to now a total of EUR 4.9 million .
Mayor Ralph Gerster thanked Rothmund and her team for their good work .
" You do n't just shake a work like this out of your sleeve , " Barster praised the annual accounts .
He and the local councils were obviously pleased with the good figures .
It may sound paradoxical , but it is precisely these good figures that could soon cost citizens dear .
In the past , due to the good financial situation , the municipality was able to dispense with high elevations .
In turn , according to Gerster , subsidies have often been cut by the country .
There are conditions for these subsidies from various compensatory sticks .
Amongst other things , the towns and municipalities that apply for grants must have certain levels of lifting .
" We need to look at the topic of lifting rates , because in the coming years there will be investments for which we would like to have grants , " Gerster announced in this context .
Nagold : Hugo Wermter for 60 years in the Choir
At the age of 60 , Hubert Wermter 's history is almost twice as long as that of the Autumn Festival at the men 's singing club Caecilia , during which he was solemnly honoured .
Hubert Wermter was on stage as usual in the colours of his male singing club .
Even after 60 years he still enjoys singing with the now probably more than a loved choir .
Wermter has also been active in the association , including 28 years as a member of the committee .
He received several awards for his commitment and faithfulness to his association : Jörg Kohr , a pastoral lecturer on behalf of the Caecilienverband Rottenburg - Stuttgart , presented him - since the choir is also a church choir - with a certificate from the association and an honorary letter signed by Bishop Gebhard Fürst .
His singers gave him the document of the German choir association as well as an engraved tin plate .
In addition to the award , the 31st Autumn Festival took place in familiar ways : with the MGV Betra , the Liederkranz Salzstetten , the singer section Baisingen and the local music association , the Vollmaringers had invited a colorful mix of various choirs and vocal styles , which kept around 400 visitors .
The MGV Vollmaringen opened with atmospheric songs like " I m Weinparadise " and " Lustig , her brothers " .
To their honorary singer Hubert Wermter , they honored a small stand - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart 's " Bundeslied " .
Betra 's men 's singing club also sang classical choral songs such as " Jägerwerben " by Julius Wengert , " Weit , far away " by Hubert Goisern and the folk song " When you go through the valley " .
With its mixed choir and women 's group - the " Impulschor " - the song wreath Salzstetten ensured the women 's quota of the festival .
The mixed choir abducted to foreign countries with the Neapolitan folk manners " Santa Lucia " and " Eviva Espana " by Antos Gus , while the " Impulschor " also resorted to foreign languages : " Liberatio " and " Hey Jude " belonged to their program .
The singer section of the Baisinger Sportverein came back to home with " What is the Schwob ? " by Hans Süssmuth and Robert Pappert 's " Bierlied " , where the Vollmaringer Musikverein offered the crowning musical end .
For the children there was a small side programme - " Grandma Hanne " alias Hannelore Stollsteimer performed a Kasperl Theatre and read some stories , which kept the children busy at noon .
Children 's Dreams Come True
The kindergartens and nurseries in the Zollern Albkreis will receive post in these days .
In cooperation with Bauhaus and the Sparkasse Zollernalb , the Black Forest Bote wants to support the facilities in realizing their building and beauty wishes .
Does the kindergarten need a new sandbox ?
All kindergartens , nurseries and crèches from the entire Zollernalbkreis can take part in the campaign .
If you want to build or beautify your facility , you can apply with it to the Black Forest messenger .
Be creative with your children and surprise the jury of the kindergarten construction site .
A jury composed of representatives of Black Forest Botes , Bauhaus and Sparkasse Zollernalb selects three wishes from all entries .
What are the requirements for participation ?
The desire should be realized with building material of a maximum value of 2000 Euro and on one ( action ) day .
In addition , the winner will have to provide many hard - working builders .
What about the Day of Action and the helpers ?
Bauhaus provides the material with the support of the Savings Bank Zollernalb .
It will be delivered to the kindergarten on the agreed day and will then be processed directly by the helpers .
Helpers can be parents , grandparents , friends , clubs and , of course , educators and children themselves .
Kenyan press outraged by controversial media law
" We are in a frightening situation and one may ask : what is stopping Parliament from simply abolishing judicial independence tomorrow ? " was read in the newspaper , which considers the bill to be unconstitutional .
" The law is draconian and very punitive and we reject it , " said Cyrus Kamau , Managing Director of the Capital Group , which also includes CapitalFM , one of Kenya 's most respected independent radio stations and news sites .
He said that the new media tribunal " will always be biased , because it is an extended arm of government , " and restrictions on content and advertising would damage Kenya 's position in the global economy .
' I hope the President listens to us and we call on him to reject this bill and send it back to Parliament , ' he said .
According to The Star , the government has " strangled the media effectively " through the new law , whereas The Standard writes that democracy and freedom of speech in Kenya have " suffered a severe blow " and dubbed the draft " draconian . "
The adoption of the law is one of a number of measures designed to strengthen national security in the wake of the attacks by armed Islamists on the Westgate shopping centre in September .
The Kenyan media aroused the authorities ' anger because they published pictures of security cameras showing units sent to the scene allegedly robbing the luxury shopping centre .
Police chief David Kimaiyo responded by inviting two journalists and a leading media representative to interrogate , even if the subpoena was withdrawn after a media outcry .
Under the new law , media houses can be punished by up to 20 million Kenyan schillings , and individual journalists up to one million , as well as the risk of losing their professional recognition or being excluded from official press accreditation .
The Tribunal also has the right to seize the property of those affected if a penalty is not paid .
According to the Daily Nation , " even a single penalty can push most radio stations into bankruptcy . "
Moreover , the newspaper believes that these measures could have a devastating effect on what it describes as Kenya 's " lively blogosphere . "
If they silenced the media , politicians could do whatever they want with impunity .
" No one will ever know it , " wrote Mutuma Mathiu , a national journalist , who describes the Kenyan media as a decisive factor in public life .
" Leave politicians to their own devices , lead the country into bankruptcy , and return us to the era of hunters and collectors , " he commented .
Kenya 's legislators have already experienced public anger .
In May , they voted to reverse the cuts ordered by the National Remuneration Commission , and reinstated their massive salaries of about 532,000 schillings - among the highest in the world - tax - free per month .
Bad Dürrheim : A dream comes true for the FC
The official inauguration ceremony for the artificial grass field did not lose anything on the importance of the city and the football club despite the cold weather and rain .
Everyone wanted a more pleasant party last Saturday , but Peter did n't want to play .
So all those who came without an umbrella or could not hold one for any reason had lost sight of it .
This went to the musicians who framed the ceremony , just like some speakers .
That is why the FC - Chairman Albrecht Schlenker , who spoke of the fulfilment of a dream , also became Nass .
His thanks were mainly due to Mayor Walter Klumpp , who has worked hard to implement the project , the local council , the companies involved and members of the association .
Here in particular Lothar Held , Paul Weizenegger , Heiner Gail and Peter Graf .
The retirees moved 400 square meters of pavement for the new paths .
This remarkable voluntary commitment was also appreciated by the State MP Karl Rombach .
Further greetings to Hubert Baier , the Municipal Sports Committee , Kuno Kayan , Kuno Kayan , and Friedrich Knorr of the Planning Office , who announced a donation to the Club 's Youth Department .
Mayor Klumpp reminded us that weather - related influences in the spring and autumn caused the original lawn to be played out .
Already 15 years ago , the first thought was given to solving the problem when the construction of a third place at the football club site or at the real school on the lake of Saline was considered .
Both were rejected .
Six years ago , ideas arose for the creation of an artificial grass field , which was generally considered the ultimate solution .
Specific plans were started two years ago when the FC took over the Schablstube in hereditary lease , pledged a cost of EUR 100 000 for the construction of the site and the country approved EUR 104 000 in funding .
The local council decided in October 2012 to take over the remaining EUR 356 000 from the total cost of EUR 560 000 , Klumpp summarised .
The construction of the 68 m by 108 m artificial turf course started on June 4 .
During the construction phase , which lasted more than three months , 3000 cubic metres of ground were removed , half of which was used for the creation of a dirt bike route .
The Union and the SPD have continued their coalition negotiations on justice and home affairs .
To this end , the relevant working group met in Berlin the morning .
These include direct democracy , the bribery of MPs and the federal police .
In the morning , the Migration and Integration Working Group also wanted to continue its deliberations .
This should include the issue of dual citizenship , on which both sides have conflicting ideas .
The SPD wants to put an end to the forced choice of immigrant children born in Germany - the Union rejects a double passport .
On the subject of transport , which is not on Friday 's agenda , the Socialist Party ( SPD ) backed up its ' no ' to a CSU - demanded car toll .
A vignette is a " flat rate for multi - driving and thus ecologically counterproductive , " the SPD 's transport negotiator , Florian Pronold , wrote to his group .
There was a threat of evasion on rural roads , which were already priorities for accidents .
Moreover , the introduction of tolls for all cars would be just a first step from Pronold 's point of view .
" There is a danger that compensation for Germans will be deleted at a later date , " he said .
Dieter Thomas Kuhn in Stuttgart : The Singing Föhnwelle on the open - air stage
Stuttgart - " When will summer come right again ? " was not really the question on Friday evening on the open - air stage in Killesberg .
It was truly a tropical night in Stuttgart .
The best prerequisites for hit star Dieter Thomas Kuhn and his band .
Click through the picture gallery to see the " singing wave " .
Drivers in serious injury
A 37-year - old car driver from Aachen was seriously injured in an accident on Thursday evening .
According to the police , a 41-year - old was travelling around 9.15 pm to Grefrath with her car on the Kempen outer ring .
When he wanted to turn left onto St. Töniser Strasse , he overlooked the 37-year - old car .
The vehicles collided .
The Aachen was seriously injured and had to be taken to hospital for treatment .
Constance : Locking after accident at the Schänzle Circle
The accident occurred , according to the police , when a 51-year - old Swiss Seat Ibiza driver drove out of the city on Thursday evening at about 8 p.m. on the left - hand lane of the two - lane Reichenau .
Shortly before the roundabout at the Schänzle he noticed that he was on the left lane towards Stromeyersdorfstrasse and changed to the right lane .
This led to the collision with the BMW of a 23-year - old Constance .
The VW Passat of a 19-year old driving behind the BMW was also damaged .
A total of around 15,000 material damage was caused , the police told us .
The road had to be closed during the accident , it was still said .
Vienna Airport abolishes passenger calls
Mr Max Maier , please come to Gate 24 .
Such statements will no longer be made at Vienna - Schwechat Airport .
A large part of the loudspeaker announcements will be lost - the noise level will be significantly reduced as a result .
The aim of this innovation is to create a more relaxed atmosphere .
As the airport spokesman Peter Kleemann announced to Radio Vienna , Vienna Airport is following an international trend with the end of statements affecting individuals .
For example , the airports in Copenhagen , Frankfurt or Dubai are already giving up the noisy calls .
By eliminating these pronouncements - on average , about 200 personal calls are heard in one day by the speakers - it will be easier to get to the airport in the future .
" Experience has also shown that these individual announcements were relatively unheard of , but at the same time all other information on changed journeys or departure times also goes a bit under , " says Kleemann in conversation with the radio station .
Highlander Games on the Cold Court
In addition to the brake truck pulling with tractors , there is also a second competition at the agricultural autumn festival at the Kaltenhof from 6 to 8 September .
On Saturday , September 7 , the Highlander Games will start at 1.30 p.m.
They have a Scottish tradition , but they have been swabian in the Kaltenhof .
Teams and individual fighters compete in the disciplines of tree throwing , horseshoe throwing and water shearing .
The tree trunk is four and a half metres long and weighs 25 to 30 kilograms .
" It does n't matter for the big ones , " says organizer Peter Saile .
The tribe must be dropped perpendicularly , if it is to fall over each other and then lie down .
This is evaluated most of the points .
Horseshoe throwing is about target accuracy .
Eight metres away , they are thrown on a plock .
The participants must demonstrate skill and strength when carrying water over 50 meters .
Time and quantity of water in a bottle are measured in the end .
From each " clan " or team , two can participate in the single contest .
The winners of the team and single competition will receive prizes .
It is possible to work out from 10 am .
A suitable clothing is desired , for example competitors can compete in Scottish skirt .
But Swabian costume is also allowed .
The jury will award a few bonus points for " outfit " .
You can register up to one hour before the start of the competition .
With the Scottish - Swabian Highlander games and the Traktor - Pulling , which starts half an hour earlier , there is a lot of action going on on Saturday .
In the evening , you can enjoy the brass music lovers .
At 7 pm , the Birabohemian brass music from Schömberg creates the big entertainment evening .
The band plays polkas and marches .
Her repertoire also includes emotional waltzs and a big band sound .
The singer - songer and baron of black sausage , Heinz Koch from Weilen , will be there .
In Dornhan he has already played at the Christmas Market and the Fool 's Guild .
On Sunday , the Leinstetten Musikverein entertains for an early stay , from 2 pm the Böffingen farmer 's chapel will be present , and the " Oldies " will end the festival .
On Friday , the Stoppacker Party with DJ Ralf is already in the offing .
Other programme items include the classic car and tractor meeting , exhibitions by companies on agriculture and forestry on Saturday and Sunday .
Other attractions on Sunday are the maize labyrinth , the craftsman 's market and the sheeps .
Especially for children there is a petting zoo , straw hüpfburg , tractor riding ( under guidance ) and Traktor surfing .
The organisers are the multipurpose hall , the ski club and the tractor friends " Zungkäpsele " .
Overview of milk and egg alternatives
Vegan nutrition requires vegetable alternatives to eggs , milk and dairy products .
Purified tofu with vegetable cream , for example , is a substitute for quarks .
The Vegetarian Association is also named World Vegetarian Day on November 1 .
On the occasion of the World Vegetarian Day on 1 November , the German Vegetarian Association proposes a number of vegan alternatives :
Pure plant margarine is a good alternative to butter , yoghurt can be replaced by soya yogurt .
Instead of milk , soya , oat , almond or rice milk can be used .
Cream cream that can be pressed replaces conventional cream .
There are also vegetable alternatives to eggs .
For example , half a crushed , ripe banana can replace an egg as a binder in a cake .
50 grams of apple mush or a tablespoon of ground linseed plus three tablespoons of water are also suitable for this .
Loosers are replaced with egg , for example , with a mixture of a teaspoon of baking powder , a tablespoon of food starch and three tablespoons of mineral water .
Even 50 grams of soya yoghurt or silk tofu can serve this purpose .
According to the vebu , some 800 000 people in Germany are now eating vegan , i.e. pure plant .
Sleepless in New York
On their way to their host families in Weymouth , Massachusetts , the students of the Black Forest Gymnasium met the American city of New York .
After eight hours of flight we immediately went to Brooklyn Bridge , which reached the heart of Manhattan on foot .
It has a fascinating view of the world - famous skyline , which is a special attraction in the evening .
Due to the time shift , the students were almost 24 hours on their feet , but in line with the motto " The city does not sleep " the day was decided on at Times Square .
Despite the shutdown , the Statue of Liberty could be reached on the second day by ferry and walked .
Then it went through the financial center around Wall Street to commemorate 11 September .
On the third day , the students were able to gain an overview of the fascinating large city from the Empire - State Building 's observation platform , which is 373 metres high .
Afterwards , the hustle and bustle of New York 's streets crossed the Rockefeller Center to Central Park , which was an ideal opportunity to stay short in the autumn sun .
After a short flight from New York to Boston , the students have now arrived in their host families and experience everyday school life at Weymouth High School .
This year , too , a Hubertus Mass will be celebrated in the parish church of St. Marien on the Hülsbergstraße on the name day of St. Hubertus .
According to legend , St. Hubertus was a rather ruthless hunter , who was converted by a vision and later appointed Bishop of Liège .
The Jagdhorn brass group of the hunting rider Westfalen under the direction of Brigitte Kluth musicalizes on parforce horns ( natural horns in the mood Es ) according to old , originally French melodies .
The brasses wear riding clothing because they especially accompany riders , horses and dogs musically on trawl hunts .
The fair will take place on Sunday , November 3 , at 11.30 a.m.
The newly designed Opschlag shines with a new café .
One that invites you to stay and come back .
One that wants to make the name of the program .
According to the lexicon , Déjà Vu is a psychological phenomenon that manifests itself in the feeling of having experienced or seen a new situation .
In the case of the visit of the café of the same name to the Opschlag in the district town of Kleve in sight of the Hochschule Rhein - Waal , it does not have to remain pure Déjà Vu feeling .
After all , the café with its beautiful name has exactly that in mind as its aim : to make an actual stay not only thoughtful but also hand - firmly recurring .
Because it 's fun and it 's beautiful .
A glance into the inner life at Opschlag 8 immediately gives the viewer a good feeling .
The ultra - modern but not cool café ambience looks like a place to feel good .
Here the team spoils the guests with the founders Mirjam van der Stelt and Daniel Büttner at the top with a wide range of coffee or cocktail options .
There are delicious cakes or individually occupied fresh baguettes .
The owners , both 33 years old , made a name for themselves as gastronomists even before the opening of the decorative café on the Opschlag : in Kranenburg they ran the " Art Lounge " .
From the move to Kleve to the Opschlag , the friendly cafe - lovers expect more people .
Not least from the university .
" We do n't have a specific target group , " says Daniel Büttner .
Rather , the two would like to address young students as well as seniors and all age groups in between .
Speaking of café lovers .
The friendly owner is behind the coffee enjoyment .
Enjoy the fragrant hot brew in a variety of variations .
Expressofan
Daniel Büttner is rather the Expresso fan and Mirjam van der Stelt the cappuccino drinker .
" A baguette - that 's my thing " , she tells the NRZ .
Two events were already in the bright café .
Better said , one thing .
After all , the harbour festival took place outside - the Café Déjà Vu did not benefit from it .
But there was also the Ringelatz Evening .
" Beautiful , successful and funny " , found the two 33-year - olds .
But not everyone 's business .
Perhaps that 's why Daniel Büttner is not a fan of event evenings : " You ca n't get it right for all " .
And with an event I only address those who are interested in the special event .
That 's why events will be the exception .
" We do n't want to disturb the normal operation as much as possible " .
In other words , Déjà Vu stands for reliability .
With regard to the quality of the products offered here , as well as to the team and the beautiful surroundings at Opschle in Kleve .
The road , which is becoming more and more a gastronomic mile .
To the delight of many clovers , the guests from near and far , and the students who discover the gastronomic mile and therefore also the Café Déjà Vu .
Anke Gellert - Helpenstein
A day of thanks to MGV in Dinker
It was the 165th Foundation festival to which the MGV " Friedrich Wilhelm Dinker " had invited this year and 52 guests , active singers and their wives , were happy to come .
In the club 's restaurant " Witteborg " in Dinker , everyone enjoyed harmonious coexistence in the spirit of music .
Traditionally , the Foundation Festival is always the right festivity to honour .
The special award " Singer of the Year " was a pleasure for the Secretary - General Rolf Wagener .
" Not only did you write a lot for us , but you also shot a lot of rounds for us , for which our heartfelt thanks " , says the chairman of the choir Erich Schlotmann .
The awards for participation in the performances and choral rehearsals by means of activities were awarded this year to the conductor Dieter Schulze with 44 participations , followed by Honorary Chairman Horst Pier - Ribbert , the chairman himself , and last year 's " singer of the year " Friedrich Winkler with 42 participations .
Five performed notes Artur Brückner .
A special thank you to the team of club host Ange Pier - Ribbert , who once again created a top - class menu and Gerda Pier - Ribbert for the table decoration .
The MGV " Friedrich - Wilhelm " meets every Tuesday at 7.45 p.m. for its regular choral rehearsals .
" We are always very welcome to hear new , heartfelt voices " , says Schlotmann .
UN Proclaims New Poverty Reduction Goals
From now on , the United Nations is preparing a series of new targets to replace the Millennium Development Goals for poverty reduction announced 12 years ago .
In the run - up to the UN Summit on Sustainable Development , which began in Rio de Janeiro in the evening , Australian diplomats played a key role in pushing for " Sustainable Development Goals " to replace the Millennium Goals that expire in 2015 .
They have been included in the final draft of the document that will be adopted at the summit by world leaders , including Mrs Gillard .
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki - moon said at the summit the evening that the time has come to " think beyond national interests . "
" I am pleased that member states have agreed to embark on a process to agree on universal , sustainable development goals , " he said .
" These goals will build on our progress from the Millennium Development Goals and form an integral part of the post-2015 development framework .
I will spare no effort in implementing this mandate given to me by the Member States to realise our vision of the Sustainable Development Goals , which are based on the success of the Millennium Goals . "
Although SG Achim / Baden has not been a victory for four days , the Handball top league continues to have a good mood .
There is no doubt about this fact .
Everyone remains fully motivated in this matter .
However , I hope that we will finally win again .
" Because I do n't even know how such a victory is " , Malmon expects a success experience from his team at the VfL Fredenbeck II .
Even though the third - league reserve in Fredenbeck has not yet demolished trees , Malmon is warning the finger .
I trained many players myself in A - Youth .
So they will certainly be particularly motivated against their ex - coach .
" In addition , it is also important to wait and see if there is any reinforcement from the first one " , explains the SG coach .
In order to get back into the track of success , the Malmon team must definitely increase compared to the previous performances .
Most of all , the last time there was a huge problem in the cover work and in the switchover game .
The use of opportunities must also definitely improve .
I hope , therefore , that my players have finally got their heads free during the short break .
Mozambique 's security concerns are growing in the face of clashes between influential figures .
Thousands of people gathered in the centre of Maputo under the watchful eye of the statue of Samora Machel , the founder of the state and first President of Mozambique , to make peace calls during a rare public demonstration .
" We want peace again , we want stability , " said Vanessa de Sousa , Managing Director of an investment company .
For fear of the future of the country , she exchanged her business clothing for a t - shirt with the label " We Demand Security " in Portuguese and on Thursday she joined the crowd in the capital 's Independence Square .
For two weeks , there have been almost daily reports of clashes between government forces and Renamo , one of the worst battles since the peace agreement more than 20 years ago .
Renamo was once a notorious rebel movement , initially supported by White - ruled Rhodesia and later by South Africa 's apartheid government in an effort to destabilize the country 's independent government .
After the 1992 peace treaty , it became an opposition party .
Analysts consider it unlikely that the country will fall back into full - blown conflict , but recent events have worried foreign investors and locals .
The stakes for the fast - growing economy are high , because the discovery of huge offshore gas reserves , and coal deposits in the north - west , could generate more than $ 50 billion in investment in the next few years from companies like Rio Tinto , Vale of Brazil , Eni of Italy , and Anadarko of the US .
The ruling Frelimo Party , the dominant force since 1975 , and Renamo blame each other for the tensions .
Renamo claims that the government provoked the recent clashes by attacking its members in the province of Sofala , a traditional stronghold of Renamos , on 17 October .
The attacks on the former rebels escalated when government forces attacked Renamo bases and tried to kill Afonso Dhlakama , the group 's leader , Renamo 's spokesman told the Financial Times .
The government blames Renamo for the clashes and accuses the organization of having attacked soldiers .
President Armando Guebuza has tried to downplay concerns about instability .
To AFP , the French news agency , he said on Wednesday that Dhlakama considers himself a " loser , " who " wants to use all of his remaining powers to prove that he can impose his decisions on the government . "
Both Frelimo and Renamo stress that they want to avoid war .
But concerns have increased since Mazanga was quoted as saying that Renamo is abandoning the 1992 peace agreement .
He told the FT that he meant that Frelimo would no longer respect the agreement .
" Our vision is to resume negotiations and to do so seriously , " said Mazanga .
Earlier talks between the parties have done little to resolve the tensions fuelled by a series of clashes this year .
" We have here two adult men ( Guebuza and Dhlakama ) who collide heads , " says Joseph Hanlon , Open University lecturer and Mozambique expert .
None of them is good at negotiating and none is prepared to make the necessary concessions .
Renamo , who is pushing for electoral reform , has already said that it will boycott the local elections in November .
Presidential and parliamentary elections are planned for next year .
Some commentators have interpreted the use of force as an ailing movement 's attempt to obtain concessions and financial benefits from the government .
Renamo 's electoral successes have been shrinking since 1992 , while a newer party , the MDM - based Movimento Democrático de Moçambique ( former Renamo member ) , is likely to improve in the elections .
Mazanga claims that Guebuza - whose resignation is due to end next year - wants to destroy the country 's democracy .
" He does not want multi - party democracy , he does not want transparent elections , he does not want peace because he does not want to give up the presidency , " Mazanga said .
It is not clear what capacity Renamo has , but it has made troubled attacks on police stations and vehicles on a major north - south link .
Most of the fighting took place in the province of Sofala , which is a few hundred kilometres north of Maputo , but where Beira is located , the port , the mining companies like Rio Tinto and Vale for the export of coal .
In June , Rio interrupted the use of the railway for a month after Renamo announced an attack on the route .
Mazanga reticently answered the question of whether Renamo would repeat this threat .
Renamo wanted to " warn the international community that things are not good in Mozambique , " said Mazanga .
The instability has increased frustration with the government , says Fernando Lima , head of Mediacoop , an independent media company , because many people were already worried about corruption , slow development , and a recent wave of kidnapping .
" People think that the government and the president are responsible for the country 's future and that he should be the one who finds solutions to the problems , " he explains .
Omar Sultane , a demonstrator , said that people simply wanted stability .
" No one is interested in Renamo and Frelimo , they just want peace and usable roads again , " he said .
Children should be taught myths and legends as " role models for life , " says one author .
Thor 's stories showed that " brutal force has no chance against clever tricks , " and the Artus legend demonstrated how important it is to have a dream .
Many of the myths , however , are " far too wild , too offensive , and in some cases too dirty to be taught in schools , " which is why Crossley - Holland called for a " careful selection of age - based works . "
" I find it wonderful that myths and folklore are already part of education in America , " he said .
I have been proposing this as a plan for 20 years .
He added that in authors and teachers who are " overly didactic , " children are " completely shut down , " because entertaining stories convey the messages " subliminally . "
Crossley - Holland , who translated Beowulf from Anglo - Saxon and is the author of the Penguin Book of Norse Myths and the British Folk Tales , said : " You can pursue certain intentions , but you should keep them in the background . "
Perhaps the biggest difference between an adult author writing for adults and an author writing for children is the need to convey hope .
Not everything needs to be simplified or lead to a happy end , but there is an intrinsic sense of good and evil .
It must be subliminally portrayed , revealed by history and not explained .
This is the old story of showing rather than telling .
Hansjakob moves again to Freihof
100 years ago Heinrich Hansjakob moved into his retirement home in Haslach , on Sunday his last years were living in the " Freihof " .
The many spectators were thrilled by the very brief scene play .
From the arrival to the award of honorary citizenship until his death , Alois Kraftzcyk , a scriptwriter and Hansjakob actor , had designed an entertaining piece , which received a lot of applause under the direction of Cornelia Volk .
Marcus Zagermann took the audience as a spokesman through the ten different scenes , explained interrelationships and bridged time leaps from the youth to the approaching retirement .
On October 22 , 1913 Hansjakob comes home to his children 's sky , to his open - air courtyard .
And then the scene began , in which Alois Krafczyk once again shined in his paradise as the city 's great son .
Stilecht he led with the Zweispanner and " Black Forest Fuchsen " by Erich Becherer from Mühlenbach .
He was not only welcomed by the audience with a lot of applause , but also his sister Philippine welcomed him .
Billy Sum - Hermann understood it incredibly well to play the role of the sister and gave her immense life in facial and gesture .
The Mühlenbach Farmers ' Chapel played selected pieces of music in between the various scenes , rounding off the performance .
Haslach 's mayor , Heinz Winkler , was honoured to be awarded the honorary citizenship , who , in representation of the then incumbent Hättich , together with a part of the town council , gave his honour .
The three - royal singers who led Hansjakob to say , " Oh how beautiful , youth memories of my own Three Royal Age come alive there again .
With their song " O Jesulein " they enjoyed the public in the open - air as well as the stork day children with their " Out , Out " .
Hansjakob expressed his criticism of the Church at the time , as well as his concerns about agricultural excesses , the consequences of industrialization , or the effects of war .
After his grave chapel on the fire at Hofstetten , he found his resting place in the homeland .
" A restless spirit had finally found its rest and had gone back forever , " it said at the end of the scene .
A lot of applause and praise was given by the audience for the performance .
Basketball : Hope grows Neckar Giants
The chances of remaining in the league of the sportsly descended Bundesliga basketballers have increased .
If there is a wildcard procedure , then the Neckar giant will have one less competitor .
The Hamburg Towers basketball project does not apply for a possible rear seat .
" We will not participate in the Wildcard process , " said ex - national player Pascal Roller , who has been developing the concept for a professional club in the Hanseatic City since 2012 .
The first breath was never heard from Ludwigsburg .
" We did not deal with the Wildcard procedure until it was clear that Düsseldorf would not be licensed , " said Neckar - Giant - Boss Alexander Reil of our newspaper .
Until May 23 , ascending Düsseldorf Baskets will still be able to submit documents to the arbitration court and prove its commercial suitability for the Bundesliga .
So far , however , the Rhineland countries have been denied the licence twice .
The Court of Arbitration is the last instance .
Haigerloch : The Church of the Sacrament moves into the spotlight .
As a contribution of the city to the 150th anniversary of the Evangelical Church in Haigerloch , the City 's Culture and Tourism Office is dedicating the last of its public themed tours to the Supper Church on Sunday 27 October .
After visiting the Atomkeller Museum , the Haigerloch period is to be considered after 1850 , when Haigerloch came under Prussian rule .
A visit to the Church of the Sacrament is the culmination .
There , the leaders are told the story of the building of the church and gain insight into the evolution of the Protestant community in a thoroughly Catholic area .
Last but not least , the church also looks at the sacramental painting created by Friedrich Schüz with the support of Walter Kröll and Georg Halbritter .
It is a faithful reproduction of the famous Milanese model by Leonardo da Vinci .
Meeting point for the one and a half hour guided tour is at 3 pm at the Atomkeller Museum .
Tickets can be found at the box - office of the Atomkellermuseum .
The Tourist Office of the city of Haigerloch is available for questions and information .
Snowden Could Speak Russia
The former US intelligence expert , Edward Snowden , could also make statements in the US spiehaffer in his Russian asylum .
Representatives of the Federal Prosecutor - General could either ask questions in writing or meet the 30-year - olds in person in Russia .
This was reported by the Interfax agency on the basis of unnamed circles familiar with the situation .
This is an intergovernmental issue , they said .
Snowden is virtually impossible to leave Russia .
' In this case he loses his refugee status ' , the agency quoted its source .
Because Germany was an ally of the US , Snowden continued to say that he would be extradited there .
The Long Breath Pays
Six teams of men fought for the title at the tennis tournament of the clubs .
In the end , the endurance of team Maier / Bronner decided the last match .
A dream weather had been received by the tennis department of the sports friends Rohrdorf for the tournament of the local clubs and friends .
The tournament focused on the fun of tennis .
There were five games per team on the plan , with everyone playing against everyone .
It was played in double mode with a long set up to nine points or a maximum of 45 minutes .
Anja Schleichter leads the tournament
The tournament management was in the proven hands of Anja Schlichter , supported by Carmen Müller and Inga Kronemeyer .
After the first three games and a lunch break with Pasta the tournament entered the decisive phase .
The favourites Andre Maier / Matthias Bronner were equal to Michael Klippel and Sadmin Osmic ( both teams of SG Rohrweiler ) , so the last two matches had to make the decision .
At the ceremony Carmen Müller was able to hand over the hiking cup to Andre Maier / Matthias Bronner , who had the longest breath on the home straight .
The second place was Michael Klippel / Sadmin Osmic .
The bronze staircase reached Rainer and Bernd Maier of the team Asphaltricher .
In late afternoon sun and coffee and cake the tournament finished well .
On the last weekend of August , the Black Forest open - air museum Vogtsbauerhof in Gutach near Hornberg will once again be in children 's hands .
Traditionally , on Saturday and Sunday 24 and 25 August , the museum welcomes visitors to a colourful children 's and family festival with numerous participations and events .
" On both days , young and old can learn different old crafts " , says the press release .
Whether making soap , turning candles , felting or making ropes , there is something for every age .
Regional craftsmen help the children from 11 am to 5 pm .
The museum workshop is also used .
In the construction of cuckoo pipes , waterwheels or centrifuges , young guests can prove their craft skills .
The many old games , such as draw - cart races and still - running , promise a lot of fun .
We need speed and coordination here .
For all small detectives , the open - air museum offers a mysterious tour of the museum on Saturday and Sunday , at 12 am and 2 pm .
During a walk , the children must guess which stories are true or lie .
In addition , visitors have a special opportunity to get to know the open - air museum during a carriage ride with Black Forest foxes .
Not only horses , but also many other animals such as sheep , goats , cows and chickens are to be found and admired on the site .
In addition , all children can look forward to the Clown Otsch on Sunday , which drives its Schabernack with its museum guests from 11 am .
In the meantime , Hermann Büttner is in a cosy and fairytale mood .
The storyteller takes the little guests into the wonderful world of fairy tales at 11 , 13 and 15 o'clock .
In addition , the children 's costume dance group from Gutach performs traditional dances at 11.30 am .
Furthermore , on both days of events from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. , numerous craftsmen such as the broombinder , the nearby , the spinner , the weaver and the baker can be watched over their shoulders in their traditional work .
Until the end of the summer holidays in Baden - Württemberg , visitors to the open - air museum can expect a varied holiday programme .
In a small New Zealand town , Burt Muro is regarded as a lovable countryman because he plans to take part in an American race with his motorcycle , built in 1920 .
Despite a heart defect , Burt can not be detracted from his dream .
With his savings , some donations and a mortgage on his old workshop shelters , he moves to Los Angeles by ship .
After the film there is coffee , tea and cake .
Schrilles Piepsen Bothers Residents
Rhenus Midgard has also invested heavily on land .
They are distributing coal from the ships into the stockpile .
The company has at its site several iron in fire .
In addition to coal imports , Rhenus Midgard also uses wind turbine logistics .
Black coal is shimmering in front of the dike in the warehouse .
Distribute or load two huge blue stockpile and recharge units here as needed .
Every time the handling equipment moves , a glaring warning noise is sounding over the terrain .
" The signals serve security and are required by law , " says Matthias Schrell , Managing Director of Rhenus Midgard in Wilhelmshaven .
Unfortunately , this is widely heard in unfavourable winds - and there have been some complaints from people from the north of the city .
He takes the complaints very seriously and has therefore made contact with those affected , says the 40-year - old .
In close consultation with the authorities , we are now in the process of keeping the warning signals quieter with technical measures .
He will continue to rely on open dialogue with his neighbours .
Matthias Schrell still has a lot to do at the site .
With the extension of the Lower Saxony Bridge , Rhenus Midgard continues to import coal for power stations and is one of the great in Europe in this sector .
Thanks to the 18.5-metre - deep bathtub in front of the terminal , capesize bulk carriers can also be handled here long ago .
" This year we want to crack the 3 million-tonne - tonne - coverage , " says Schrell .
In addition to the Eon power plant on site , imported coal goes to power stations in inland areas .
When the GDF - Suez power station is also put on the grid , a good 5 million tonnes of coal imports a year are realistic .
The three ship loaders on the bridge and the second conveyor belt could create up to 10 million .
Bavaria 's Basketballer , Optimistic Despite First Defeat
Even the first defeat in the Euroleague could not diminish the huge optimism of FC Bayern Munich 's basketballers .
" No one can forbid us from believing in winning the best team in Europe over the past two years , " said Bavaria coach Svetislav Pesic after the unhappy 83:88 ( 39:47 ) on Thursday evening at Olympiakos Piraeus title defender .
We sent the message : Basketball exists in Munich too !
Their third appearance in the European premier class sold themselves very well for a long time , but in the decisive phases they were simply not clear enough .
The guests first managed to convert a 15-point backlog into a tour 13 minutes before the end , before Piraeus made another change to the game .
" We have fought our way back against the twice - Euroleague Champion , but then again made reckless mistakes , " said Bavaria 's Yassin Idbihi .
We are proud of our performance , but we want to win every game .
Malcolm Delaney and Nihad Djedovic were the most successful Munich shooters , who had marked victories in the first two games against the Italian serial champion Montepaschi Siena and the Polish title - holder Zielona Góra .
Ben Greenman : Ten Years of New York Comedy Festival : The New York
One might say that New York City is the birthplace of stand - up comedy in America : almost a hundred years ago , varietist Frank Fay , who worked as a conference artist in the Palace Theatre on Broadway , began to tell the crowd directly in the form of jokes in a conversation .
Over the years , Fays innovation has grown , as recently at the New York Comedy Festival .
Founded and led by Caroline Hirsch , the founder of Caroline 's stand - up institution , this year the festival celebrates its ten - year anniversary with over sixty shows in small clubs and big theatres .
" Most of these headliners began with Carolines and then became more successful until they were eventually too familiar to perform in a club , " Hirsch said .
We have designed this festival so that we can continue to work with them .
At this year 's event , there will be performances by Wanda Sykes , Kathy Griffin and Bill Maher , as well as by " Stand Up for Heroes " , an annual music and comedy charity event for army veterans at Madison Square Garden , where Bruce Springsteen , Jon Stewart , Roger Waters and Bill Cosby will perform .
With the festival the world of comedy has grown .
A number of the comedians who take part in the festival this year have become known through rather unconventional ways , such as broadcasts on smaller television channels such as Comedy Central , FX and Spike .
Nick Kroll became known for his cable TV sitcom ( the ironically catchy fantasy football series " The League " on FXXX ) and now has his own Sketch show on Comedy Central .
Jenny Slate was part of the cast of " Saturday Night Live " and " Parks and Recreation " , although she is best known for her viral video series " Marcel the Shell with Shoes On " .
Both Kroll and Slate and other young comedians with characteristic voices ( the surreal pessimistic Anthony Jeselnik , the ironic , racial - focused W. Kaumau Bell ) are products of the decentralized world of American comedy .
One of the festival 's greatest visitor magnets is an interview : David Steinberg talks to Larry David .
Steinberg began as a stand - up comedian , but has become a respected television and film director and an unofficial comedy historian .
From 2005 to 2007 , he hosted a TV show entitled " Sit Down Comedy with David Steinberg " on TV Land .
The meeting will take place in Town Hall in the heart of Manhattan .
" The city is definitely in the comedy DNA of Larry 's entire work , " Steinberg said .
He told me that when he is here , he sometimes goes through the alley between two buildings and thinks : Hey , if I lose all my money , I may live here .
Satisfied with Iran 's Nuclear Negotiations Process
A week before the next nuclear meeting with the five UN veto powers and Germany , Iran is satisfied with the negotiation process .
" After years of reaching an agreement with the International Atomic Energy Agency to resolve the differences of recent years , " Foreign Minister Mohammed Jawad Sarif wrote on his facebook page .
There is still a long way to go , but the nuclear negotiator is satisfied with the negotiation process and also optimistic that both sides will end up finding a solution .
Drama in Uruguay : Boys Kill Game Campaigns with Machete
Two children admitted the murder of an 11-year - old in Uruguay .
The two 14 and 12-year - old boys had invited their victims to go hunting them .
Armed with machetes and knives , on Tuesday they arrive the 11-year - olds and threw the body in a well , reported the newspaper " El País " on Thursday .
They would then have played football in front of their homes in a working - class area .
The corpse was found the following night in Cerro Pelado , 15 km north of the exclusive beach resort of Punta del Este .
As an alibi , a five - year - old half - sister of the disciple who took her with her was to say that she had been sexually attacked by the boy .
But when the girl described the incident in front of the police without mentioning an attack , the two boys admitted the intentional killing of the 11-year - old .
The reason given by the elderly was a rivalry in football .
He was provisionally admitted to a youth psychiatric institution .
Pimps In Prison
The district court of Konstanz has sentenced a 33-year - old man from St. George to three and a half years in prison for exploitative trafficking , pimping , threats , insulting and dangerous bodily injury .
The former Bundeswehr soldier , who worked as a doorman after two missions in Afghanistan , made a confession in a trial agreement .
So , in five cases , he has met women through Internet or telephone contact , which he has , after a few weeks , sent against their will .
Resistance he used to break with violence and threats .
He retained the income of women , some of whom he acquired for years .
By confiscating mobile phones and SIM cards , it prevented women from contacting the outside world .
Together with a colleague who brought the women , he brought them to various brothels in the southwest .
There he had them partly monitored to control their revenues .
In court , the defendant initially claimed that he suffered a severe trauma after colleagues in Afghanistan died next to him in an explosion .
After a psychiatric expert had significant doubts about mental restraint and thus a reduced debt , the 33-year - old made a comprehensive confession .
The court did not have to hear any of the injured women .
As one Kripo official reported , at least four more cases of exploitative trafficking could be identified following an initial complaint by telephone surveillance .
The intercepted talks were marked by a great deal of aggression .
Later , the injured parties would have confirmed their martyrdom .
Another witness , in whom one of the women discovered blue spots all over the body , has not made any statement to this day .
It is ' a totally broken personality ' who considers violence and exploitation normal in this profession .
The defendant deplored his behaviour yesterday .
" He has gone out of these circles and wanted to lead a normal life after imprisonment , " he said .
Oil continues to give up to USD 96 per barrel .
The price of oil has continued to fall on Friday , as concerns about a high supply overshadowed a report that China 's energy - hungry manufacturing sector is growing .
The reference oil variety for deliveries in December had fallen by 14 cents late in the morning in Europe in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange , to USD 96.24 per barrel .
The contract fell by 39 cents on Thursday , implying a fall in prices of 5.8 percent in October .
The large supply of crude oil has put a strain on prices in recent weeks .
The US Department of Energy stated on Wednesday that the US supply increased by 4.1 million barrels last week .
Over the course of five weeks , supply had risen by 25 million barrels .
But on Friday , there was evidence of increased demand through two reports of an increase in Chinese manufacturing activity .
This suggests a continued recovery in China 's economy , which had grown to 7.8 % in the third quarter , after reaching the lowest level in two decades in the previous quarter .
Brent crude , a reference value for international crude oil used by US refineries , fell at the ICE Exchange in London by 26 cents to USD 108.58 per barrel .
Court blocks decision on the NYPD Stop - and - Frisk Directive
A federal appeal court in the USA blocked on Thursday the order of a judge who had called for changes to the stop - and - frisk program ( " Stop and Search " ) of the New York Police Department , and exiled the judge from the case .
The Second US Court of Appeal declared that Judge Shira Scheindlin 's rulings would be suspended until a city appeal was decided .
In August , the judge ruled that the city was in breach of the constitution by the way in which the programme for stopping and questioning people was implemented .
The city appealed against its assessment and the remedies ordered , including the decision to set up a supervisory body to assist the police in amending its directive and the relevant training programme .
On Tuesday , the Court of Appeal heard the arguments for the requested suspension .
The appeal report stated that the judge must be relieved of the case because she violated the code of conduct for US judges by stipulating that a judge should avoid the appearance of partiality ; this was partly justified by a series of media interviews and public statements in which she had publicly responded to the Court 's criticism .
The judge had ruled that police officers violated the civil rights of tens of thousands of people because they were inappropriately targeting black and Latin American men with the Stop and Frisk program .
It appointed an external body to monitor the implementation of major changes , including reforms of policies , training , and service oversight , and ordered a pilot program with body - carried cameras in areas where most controls were carried out .
In August , the city of New York agreed to end the practice of storing names and addresses of people released after police control .
An oral hearing on the city 's vocation is planned after March 14 , 2014 .
The stop - and - run tactics have been criticized by a number of civil rights defenders .
Controls of this kind have been in various forms for decades , but the number of checks recorded during the party - free mayor Michael Bloomberg 's term rose to an all - time high of 684,330 in 2011 , most of them black and Latin American men .
In 2004 , a complaint was filed by four men who belonged to all minorities and turned into collective action .
Advocates of changes to the NYPD 's stop - and - frisk program say that the changes will end unfair practices and create a more trustworthy and effective police force , as well as influencing how other police presidents use the regime .
Opponents argue that the changes will dampen police morals , not crime ; money will be squandered , and the broader problem of a police force that is under pressure after thousands of jobs have been lost over the last decade .
The judge pointed out that she did not end the stop - and - frisk practice , which is constitutional , but merely reformed the way the NYPD implements its controls .
The Happiness of the Dreaming Camels
Happiness is an oasis that only dream camels succeed in achieving .
With this Bedouin testimony , the first chairman , Wolfgang Henne , described the history and fascination of the association " Helfende Hands " .
The tenth anniversary of the club was celebrated on Saturday afternoon .
The first chairman Henne reported in detail about the work of the association .
He was himself the first time in Mauritania in 2004 at the Cheijk - Zajed hospital in Nouakchott .
This led to further cooperation , and the gynecologist Henne carried out numerous operations on the spot during several trips .
During the speeches , pictures of the stakes on a large screen were shown , so that the guests of the anniversary event could get an idea of the above - mentioned actions .
The desert vehicle of the association was also shown .
It is a former Federal Border Protection Vehicle .
Rainer Prewo , the former Nagold OB , had proposed to equip this vehicle with a photovoltaic system and now , according to Henne , plans to act in an advisory capacity at the association .
In 2008 , in a record time of less than a week , the Schleeh carpentry factory in Baiersbronn created the sick - care station in Socogim , a distress district on the outskirts of the capital - voluntarily .
Henne also mentioned a new mother - child hospital in Nouakchott
Especially interesting at times when the obstetrics clinic in Nagold is to be nationalized .
One learns a lot in Africa as a medical practitioner , Henne said , for example , decelerating against burn - out .
Due to the political unrest in the country , it was not possible to make as many trips as planned , but many medical practitioners came to Germany to hospitalise in various areas .
In addition , containers of material are regularly sent to Africa , including in March of this year medical equipment , medication , associated materials , hospital beds and glasses .
Co - initiator Hans - Joachim Fuchtel himself supplied plenty of local color by telling from Mauritania about Mercedes cars converted to a mobile goat stable and by describing the experiences of the Stammheim musicians who traditionally support the club during their Mauritanian journey .
As his personal motives , he gave his work in the field of auditing as a young MEP .
When he realized how much money was lost on the way , he decided to help Africans control a popular budget .
Furthermore , fog emphasized that the global economy also demands global human love .
Nor should we forget that Africa is closer than some think .
From Gran Canaria it is not far to Africa .
Coulson set telephone hacking for checking a tip
The former News of the Word editor Andy Coulson allegedly used " telephone hacking , surveillance , and confrontation " in an attempt to confirm a false tip about an affair by the then Interior Minister Charles Clarke .
Andrew Edis QC told the Old Bailey court that News of the World in May 2005 was a false rumor that Clarke had a relationship with his " attractive special adviser " Hannah Pawlby .
The newspaper asked the private detective Glenn Mulcaire to hack Pawlby 's voicemails , and pursued them , but Coulson also called them and left news of how the court learned .
" According to the Public Prosecutor 's Office , Coulson , who is now the NotW editor , is no one who stands in front of people 's homes and hopes to catch them up on fresh action , but one who likes to face a story to see their reaction , " Edis explained .
He said that NotW uses three methods to investigate stories : telephone hacking , monitoring and confrontation .
The publisher is personally involved in the third method .
Obviously he knows about the second , the monitoring , it can not be otherwise .
What about the first one ?
Does he know about phone hacking ?
He denies that , but we say , ' and whether he knew about it ' .
Rumours of an affair by Clarke were first picked up by NotW 's feature editorial team when a source that was sexually interested in Pawlby was said : " Do not waste your time , it is together with Charles . "
A band with voicemails from their phone of at least three events was secured in August 2006 in Mulcaires apartment .
The investigators also found entries on the detective 's computer where Pawlby and her sister were stored as " projects " .
At the time the research was running , Pawlby 's grandparents received anonymous calls asking for information about them , Edis explained .
Meanwhile , former chief reporter Neville Thurlbeck and former reporter James Weatherup oversee the monitoring of Pawlby 's movements .
On 18 June 2005 , Coulson left her a voicemail with the following content : " I have a story that we want to release tomorrow , about which I would like to talk to Charles . "
Edis explained that Coulson 's activities with this story followed the same pattern as with other key personalities , such as former Interior Minister David Blunkett .
The jury heard on Thursday that Coulson Blunkett faced a married woman because of an affair when he himself was liaised with the co - accused Rebekah Brooks , who had been married at the time .
Coulson and Brooks deny that they have conspired to hack phones between October 3 , 2000 and August 9 , 2006 .
Mulcaire , Thurlbeck and Weatherup have admitted phone hacking .
In protest at the planned wealth tax , French football will indeed go through the first strike since 1972 .
A conciliation meeting will come to an end without results .
In France , after a failed mediation meeting , the government and professional football have become impassed over the rich - tax conflict .
President François Hollande received and heard their complaints in the Paris Élysée Palace on Thursday .
But he refused to spare football from the planned 75 % tax on income of more than EUR 1 million per year , which all the country 's firms are expected to pay for two years from 2014 .
The other side , too , remained tough .
The strike announced for the end of November will now also be performed , the chief association of professional clubs ( UCPF ) , Jean - Pierre Louvel , announced .
The Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 days scheduled for November 29th and December 2nd will cease .
What Happened : No Absolute Protection Possible
" We want to involve the residents in planning at an early stage " , Mayor Jens Häusler opened the citizens ' information event on the flood protection concept in Gechingen .
About 80 participants had come to the Municipal Hall to explain the planned actions , ask questions , raise concerns and bring in ideas .
Häusler made it clear : " The final decisions are taken by the members of the municipal council . "
The flooding that hit Gechingen on 15 May 2009 , unprepared , was a major event that raised the question of safeguards for the future , according to Häusler .
A river basin investigation had been commissioned with the neighbouring community of Aidlingen , which is now the basis for the flood protection concept in Gechingen .
" The aim is to protect as many built - up plots as possible " , says Häusler .
According to the German weather service , the planning is based on the protection against a statistically expected flood every 100 years .
Climate change is taken into account by a 15 % surcharge .
This is called " HQ 100aKlima " .
The masses of water that caused considerable damage in Gechingen in 2009 were equivalent to a 1 000-year flood .
" There is no absolute protection , but we can achieve a relative improvement " , says Häusler .
In order to achieve the protection of HQ 100aKlimate , around EUR 4 million will have to be invested in Gechingen , with the municipality counting on state grants of around 70 percent .
Heßler pointed out , however , that the only way to support this is to implement an overall approach .
In order to do so , the community needs the participation of its citizens .
An elaborate planning and approval procedure has to be completed .
At best , implementation can begin in 2016 .
Among other things , the protection concept , which was presented last week in the municipal council ( we reported ) , provides for local measures in the river Irm from the Stammheim Valley .
Following the presentation of the flood protection concept , the participants took the opportunity to submit their requests .
Amongst other things , it was questioned why no more dams and restraint basins were planned to protect the place .
Gregor Kühn , engineer of the engineering agency in charge of Forest and Corbe of Hillsheim , who presented the concept , stressed that it needs the interplay of all the measures presented in order to achieve the desired goal .
In addition , Joachim Wald von Wald and Corbe said that the most economic solution must be found .
There was displeasure in the old town , which , even in the case of normal thunderstorm rains , repeatedly suffered from overloading the channel network .
The problem is known in terms of administration and the first steps have already been taken .
Häusler pointed out , however , that the directives on canal systems are different from those on flood protection , and that this should not be mixed up .
The municipality is obliged to design the channel network in such a way that two to three years of rain can be sustained .
To expand the sewage channels would devour millions .
Seriously Injured After a Clash
On early Friday afternoon , two drivers were seriously injured in a frontal collision on state road 44 near Revensdorf .
The police immediately closed the street , but could say little about the accident .
However , there are various witness statements that should be evaluated first .
What is certain is that the 19-year - old VW driver drove towards Revensdorf and the 38-year - old man from Gettorf came to her with his Hyundai .
Both vehicles collided , with the woman so hard trapped that it took the fire brigade less than half an hour to get them out of the vehicle wreck .
The actual cause of the accident was initially unresolved .
Both came to nearby hospitals .
The route was completely closed for about two hours .
It could be called the US dostoyevsky .
Philip K. Dick was a god - seeker , a metaphysicist , his novels and narratives also have something serial .
Amazingly the kinship in the outside : the stinging eyes , the beard , the high forehead .
And just as Fyodor M. Dostoyevsky , with his massive oeuvre , is to be seen as the founder and apologist of the Russian soul , so one reads Philip K. Dick as an American prophet , who is very much a part of his own country .
Some titles have been published by Heyne Verlag , the 118-story Haffmans cassette sells two thousands .
Dick explains America - the realm of breathtaking technical progress , coupled with paranoia , security madness , and the belief that he is chosen .
Dick had God 's experiences , his late books read like a mixture of John 's revelation and a computer manual .
Perhaps he was insane , added drugs to his brain .
He has realized , early on , that the computers are divisions .
He wrote a computer theology and asked what distinguishes a man from a machine , the creator from his creation .
That is the ' blade runner ' problem .
The killing .
A master of science fiction .
A fantastic writer .
His stories have inspired film directors such as Ridley Scott , Paul Verhoeven and Steven Spielberg .
This story is now particularly significant .
The " Minorities Report " dates back to 1956 , and exudes the smell of the Cold War and McCarthy Tribunals .
The principle of " pre - crime " is being developed here , that is , what is now more or less official White House doctrine .
In Dick 's world , which is shockingly like ours , mutants are looking to the future - and the police are taking action .
" We capture individuals who have not breached any law , " says the head of the authority .
' We grab them before they can commit a violent crime ' .
And : ' There are no serious criminals in our society , for which we have a penal camp full of pesudo criminals ' .
They assume that bad things are happening and prevent the criminal idea from being put into practice .
Dick 's narrative looks like the blueprint for the NSA 's anti - terror laws and eavesdropping .
Anticipation of the attack : that is how Obama 's drone philosophy and practice works .
But Dick 's story is not over .
The police chief complains that there is no longer a separation of powers , the military controls everyday life - and what is left of the state .
Then the monitor himself will be monitored and convicted of a future crime .
The system is turning .
It is perfect , but it lies .
It is inventing its own preconditions .
Not only does it accept errors and sacrifices , it builds on them .
The system creates the danger that it is combating .
Reading Philip K. Dick means getting closer to the truth .
Speaking of Merkel in Russia
The former US intelligence expert , Edward Snowden , could also make statements in his Russian asylum in the US spiehare affair involving German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Representatives of the German Federal Attorney 's Office could either ask questions in writing or meet the 30-year - olds in person in Russia , reported the agency Interfax .
Previously , the Green MEP Hans - Christian Ströbele was the first German politician to meet Snowden in Moscow yesterday to discuss the affair with him .
NSA revelations are intensifying corporate paranoia over state supervision
On a mild day at the end of August , a German police helicopter flew deep across the US consulate in Frankfurt am Main , Germany 's financial capital .
On the orders of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution and the Fight against Terrorism ( BVT ) , the German Internal Security Service , he should photograph the roof of the US outpost , which is less than 5 km from the European Central Bank and the Bundesbank .
According to the German media , the BVT wanted to prove the existence of surveillance antennas and the action led to an exchange of words between the USA and the German State Department in Berlin .
James Clapper , US Director of National Intelligence , insisted in September that the US did not use foreign espionage options " to steal the business secrets of foreign companies on behalf of US firms to boost their international competitiveness or profits . "
But , since Edward Snowden , a former whistleblower , began publishing his bullethorn of US surveillance secrets , European governments and corporate leaders are no longer sure whether they can take the director at their word .
Reports that the US National Security Agency has spied on the Brazilian oil company Petrobas and obtained data from American cloud providers , including Google and Yahoo , have brought state - controlled paranoia to a new high .
The overflow was probably ten years old with the revelation that German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's phone was entangled .
If the most powerful person in Europe can be targeted , then there is no doubt that corporate management is also potential .
Snowden has made the intensive cooperation between US intelligence services and companies transparent .
I think it is conceivable that these data could be used for mutual benefit .
" Germany must wake up , " explains Oliver Grün , President of BITMi , who represents small and medium - sized IT companies in Germany .
German companies believe that the US is now almost as risky as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft , according to a survey published in July by EY .
However , the leaked documents by Snowden do not show that the US has passed on the business secrets of foreign companies to its own companies .
Politicians have expressed concern that the EU lacks certain IT and Internet capabilities and should reduce its dependence on the US .
Businesses are sceptical about this .
The Bundestag proposed that we should build a German Google .
I can only close my eyes and slowly open them again ...
" This is not how it works , " says Hasso Plattner , Chairman of the German software manufacturer SAP .
If we had wanted a strong European IT industry , we should not have let it die 20 years ago .
Everything in Germany is subsidised , from coal to cars to agriculture .
Everything except the IT sector .
Yet the scope and technical sophistication of US espionage agencies uncovered by the Snowden revelations have shocked firms that had previously seen China 's biggest espionage risk .
There is a big change in cloud computing because European business leaders are now more aware that US data stored is subject to US jurisdiction and is therefore potentially vulnerable .
According to a survey conducted by the Cloud Security Alliance , a trading institution , about 10 % of non - US residents , Prism , after revelations of US data mining , rejected plans to use an American provider .
Jim Snabe , SAP 's Deputy Managing Director , says : " We see a new question from customers that did not exist a year ago - it says : where are my data stored and can you guarantee that they will remain physically in this judicial area ? "
Many German business leaders believe that the most recent reports simply confirm what they already knew , namely that powerful states want to steal their most valuable secrets and therefore need to be guarded at all costs .
It is no surprise that economic espionage is taking place .
That has always been the case .
" It has been a topic for many years and has not changed fundamentally in the current discussion , " says Kurt Bock , Chairman of the chemical company BASF .
The Americans are spying on us on a commercial and industrial level , just as we are doing , because it is in the national interest to defend our businesses .
Corporate governance usually does not boast about the countermeasures that have been taken , because this brings benefits to aggressors .
In large companies , employees have long argued that taking a free USB stick at a trade fair or leaving a laptop in the hotel room unattended is not advisable , to say the least .
Ulrich Hackenberk , a member of the Executive Board of car manufacturer Audi , says that it has been standard practice for years to collect the cell phones before a board meeting so that they can not be used as interception devices .
The German BVT advises executives to use simple prepaid phones when they travel abroad , because smartphones may be compromised .
Prepaid phones are thrown away afterwards .
There is , however , concern that small and medium - sized enterprises remain vulnerable to hacking and surveillance .
In Germany , many of these companies are world leaders in their respective niches .
" Small and medium - sized enterprises often lack experience , human resources and financial resources to protect business secrets effectively against unauthorised access , " the BVT warns in a report .
The US warns its own companies against commercial espionage by other countries .
According to the Washington Post , in February , France , Russia , and Israel ranked two of the countries that used hacking to obtain economic data behind China in the US National Intelligence Estimate .
A board member of a German blue chip company agreed that " the French are the worst " when it comes to commercial espionage .
Bernard Squarcini , a former head of the French Interior Intelligence Service ( DCRL ) , was quoted in an interview this month in the following words : " The secret services know full well that all countries , even if they work together in the fight against terror , spy on their allies . "
Hechingen : Fair gives answers to wedding questions
" Marriage is the most important voyage of discovery that man can make , " said the philosopher Sören Kierkegaard .
Tips on how at least the wedding party succeeds , now gave a special fair in the domain in Hechingen .
There were important providers around a wedding .
A trend : The retro look has returned .
This begins with wedding dresses .
White is a must , best covered or in cream .
At the front , the often - sounded and embroidered clothes are closed , often with a veil , but at the back they go down the back and often end up in a tow .
As Stefanie Koch from the fashion house Kleidermüller emphasizes , however , the spirits differ .
In men the suit dominates with a waistcoat and plastron , but it is also possible to choose cream or brown combinations .
Important is the selection of the restaurant , has been explained .
The room was very small and the bed was very uncomfortable .
Here the domain made its own offer in remise .
If you want to go by car then Uwe Link has an offer for you .
" However , coaches are also popular for young women 's farewells , " he says .
Romance is also in demand for invitation cards , flower arrangements and also for wedding pictures .
The " after - wedding photo " is becoming more and more fashionable - that is , series of pictures in special places , preferably waterfalls , a few days after the feast , but in wedding clothes , explained Elisabeth Keidel .
Many more details of a successful wedding were presented in the domain on Sunday .
Flower arrangements , rings , weddings , cakes and also a magician , such as Marko Ripperger , who can entertain guests in style .
Not to mention the right cosmetics and nail care .
Everything for an unforgettable celebration .
Dog Friends Successfully
Once again the athletes of the dog friend Bitz were successful at a rally - obedience tournament .
Achim Scherrenbacher started in Kandel with two dogs ; with his dog Sandy he scored 94 points in the class beginner and secured fifth place , and with the 15-month - old Marley he scored 87 points .
Susi Höpp and her woody in class 1 took a critical look at the performance judge .
Parents of a Georgian teenager who died in a tragic accident believe in murder
The parents of the teenager , whose body was found in a rolled - up ring mat in the gym of his high school , are convinced that her son was murdered , explained the family lawyer on Thursday .
Kendrick Johnson from Valdosta in the US state of Georgia was found in an upright mat behind the grandstand in the school hall on January 11 .
The Sheriff of Lowndes County investigators concluded that Johnson died in a tragic accident , but the 17-year - old 's family doubts that .
" They are convinced that their son was murdered , " Benjamin Crump , Kenneth 's lawyer and Jacquelyn Johnson , told FoxNews.com .
They never thought he had died as the Sheriff concluded .
" They believe that there is no logic in violating both the laws of physics and common sense , " Crump says .
Instead , they are convinced that the truth will be covered up to protect the person or people responsible for the death of their son .
" Her son went to school to learn and returned to the bodybag , " he comments .
US Prosecutor Michael Moore said on Thursday that there will be a formal investigation into Johnson 's death , as a number of important issues remain unresolved .
What was the cause of death ?
Is his death a crime ?
This was explained at a press conference on Thursday afternoon .
I follow the facts , whichever direction they take .
My aim is to find out the truth .
" I believe there is a sufficient basis for a formal investigation , " he said .
Moore told reporters that the initial autopsy suggests that Johnson had died from the consequences of " position - induced suffocation . "
A second autopsy caused a different cause of death , says Moore .
" There are a number of questions that need to be answered or confirmed , " he said .
Moore added that if there is sufficient evidence for a criminal or civil investigation of Johnson 's death , he will ask the FBI to conduct the investigation .
A representative of the County Sheriff Authority was not ready to comment immediately on our request on Thursday .
A court in southern Georgia ordered on Wednesday that the authorities should release all the monitoring videos that the investigators have checked .
The teenager 's parents said that they hoped that the video recordings contained evidence of how he died .
CDC publishes allergy guidelines for schools
On Wednesday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) published a series of guidelines for the treatment of food allergies by children in schools .
These are the first such guidelines that the US government has issued , as the number of schoolchildren with food allergies increases .
One in 20 children in the United States now has a food allergy .
According to the CDC , the spread of food allergies among children increased by 18 % between 1997 and 2007 .
The guidelines contain information for schools to raise awareness among teachers and staff of food allergies and how to deal with children who have allergic reactions .
It is also recommended that schools have Epinephrin in stock - the EpiPen car injection is most commonly used - to deal with a potentially fatal hypersensitivity reaction .
State legislators recently amended the rules to make it easier for schools to keep Epinephrin in stock .
The report also contains a list of typical symptoms mentioned by children with allergic reactions .
Children may say , " It feels as if something is pushing on my tongue , " " My tongue feels as if a hair is on it , " or " My tongue tickles " .
Parents of intersexual children can " choose sex indefinitely . "
Germany is the first European nation to recognise a third sex for children born with ambiguous genitals .
Newborns are no longer assigned rigidly male or female .
Under the new law , parents no longer have to declare sex for such children , but are entitled to declare " undefined " or " undetermined " on the birth certificate .
The aim of the law is to relieve the pressure on parents not to rush into decisions on gender - related operations in newborns and to combat discrimination against intersexuals .
According to the BBC years later , an intersexual person said , " I am neither man nor woman . "
I remain the patchwork created by doctors , maimed and scars .
It is estimated that one in 2,000 children every year is born neither as a boy nor as a girl .
They are among the intersexuals , a group that comes under the " Sexual Differentiation Diagnosis " ( DSD ) , a generic term for people with atypical chromosomes , germ glands ( ovaries or testicles ) , or unusually developed genitals .
Wallis Simpson may have been intersexual .
Understanding gender identification is still not very well developed , but most experts in the US are advising that the best available information should be used to allocate gender if a provision is not possible , and do not wait for the child 's psychological and physical development before opting for an operation , if at all .
The New York psychiatrist Dr. Jack Drescher , who specializes in the problem of gender identification , said that the new German law " sounds like a good thing " .
Intersexual children are an ethical dilemma .
" Some people have life - threatening diseases that require surgery , but most children do not , " he said .
It is possible to assign sex without an operation and then wait for identity to develop .
The scientific data on how a child develops its gender identity are not very accurate .
No one knows why .
It is like the secret why people are homosexual .
A 2011 report to the European Commission states that intersexuals are differentiated from transgender or transgender persons , because their status is not gender - based , but based on their biological constitution , which is not exclusively male or female , but typically both simultaneously or not clearly defined as one .
These characteristics were shown in lower - ranking sexual characteristics such as muscle mass , hair , breast and stature , priority sexual characteristics such as reproduction organs and genitals , or chromosomal structures and hormones .
The report also gives an overview of the discrimination faced by intersexual and transgender persons in professional life , as well as the extent of harassment , violence and prejudice .
There is now a special camp for boys who are not in line with the gender picture .
In Australia and Nepal , it is now possible for adults to state on official documents male , female or ' third sex ' .
In June , Australia 's Norrie May - Welby ( 52 ) was recognized as the world 's first " sexless " person after a court granted life - long maintenance of " undetermined " sex status .
In addition to M and W , German ID cards will have a third assignment , X for intersexual , according to the Ministry of the Interior .
In neighbouring France , gender issues are still controversial , according to a news report on France 24 .
In 2011 , dozens of French members of the strictly Catholic country signed a petition to remove " gender theory " from schoolbooks .
The US Catholic Online website has also spoken out against German law on the grounds that ' if the world is dragged into a new state where gender is a choice , but not sexual activity , we are spinning two more pillars of civilisation ' .
The mother of a newborn Maryland told Baby Zone that she would do better if babies were given a sex at birth .
" Parenthood is stressful enough even without any restrictions , especially if you do n't know the sex of your child , " she said on the parent 's website .
Children need stability and security .
Historically , children born with both male and female sexes were referred to as hermaphrodites , according to the attractive Greek god who had both sexes .
Ten years ago , medicine regarded gender as something that could be wiped out and then rebuilt .
But the ethical foundations of an operation are now in doubt , as it is now known how complex gender identity is , and that doctors can also be wrong because they do not know how the child feels when they grow up with the sex they assign .
" In the mid-20th century , this was called a psychiatric emergency , " Drescher said .
When such a child was born , it was not the psychiatrist but the surgeon who was called .
The prevailing theory about treating children with ambiguous genitals stems from Dr. John Money of Johns Hopkins University , who believed that the sex was malleable .
He coined the term " gender identity , " arguing that social and environmental impulses - like parents bringing up a child - interacted with a child 's genes and hormones , shaping whether a person considers himself to be male or female .
But in a 1966 case known as " John / Joan , " his theories became controversial .
He advised the parents of a boy whose penis had been separated by a botched circumcision to castrate the child completely and also to remove his testicles and raise him as a girl .
" Money presented this case as a successful example of conversion , but he was not , " he said .
When the boy was about 15 , he moved back to the male sex and married a woman .
At 38 , however , he committed suicide .
According to Drescher , there are still doctors who would practise this model .
But in the 1990 's , with the arrival of the Internet , survivors of these sexual operations entered the public domain , who are " not happy with the result . "
For example , Jim Bruce , a 36-year - old Montana author who was born with XY male chromosomes , but ambiguous genitals .
Doctors were not clear whether he had a large clitoris or a small penis and were convinced that he could never lead a " satisfactory life " as a man .
So his external organ and testicles were surgically removed shortly after the 1976 birth and he was raised as a girl .
At the age of 12 he received female hormones .
" I knew I 'm not a girl , " he told ABCNews.com .
I was unhappy , but it was really difficult to ask questions .
At the age of 18 he should receive a vaginal plastic .
But , because he was depressed and knew that something was wrong , he demanded his medical files .
What he found out was shocking .
I was sterilized at my birth - and no one ever told me so .
Bruce was born on a DSD that did not allow his body to produce enough testosterone to develop genitals .
After he learned the truth , he moved back to male identity , received testosterone injections , and had his breasts removed .
As a result of the operation , it has become infertile .
Today he is fighting for others in an organization called Interface Project for intersexuals to be perceived as normal .
But Anne Tamar - Mattis , managing director of California - based Advocates for Informed Choice , worries that German law can " encourage stamping and stigmatization . "
" Many activists are worried that the German decision might encourage parents to make quick decisions and to ' assign ' the child , " she said .
We fear that this will encourage intervention .
We think it would be better to allocate the male or female sex and then wait .
But we do not yet know what the impact of the law will be , so we can only speculate .
Tamar - Mattis said that her organization supports the Australian law , because " it allows adults to be recognized as a third sex . "
" Adults should be able to make their own decisions about their legal sex , " she said .
The German law is about the allocation at birth .
This is not a battle to force young children into .
When they are grown up , they can decide their own body .
But Dr. Arlene Baratz , a breast radiologist from Pittsburg who has a daughter with a sexual disorder and supports hundreds of others in a self - help group , says German law " authorizes " both parents and children .
Katie , the daughter of Baratz , was born with male chromosomes , but has a DSD called complete androgen resistance .
Due to the receptor defect of the target cells for testosterone , catie has developed female characteristics .
She has a vagina , but no uterus and no ovaries .
Today , Katie is 29 and married ; she works at the University of Pennsylvania as a child psychiatrist .
Although it is infertile , it hopes to have a child through adoption or surrogacy .
" The law gives room to parents , so they do not have to rush to decisions , " Baratz said .
It gives them the time to do various tests and to clarify things , thus giving them time to write " male " or " female " .
In this way everything is fine - the child is raised and loved .
You have a wonderful baby and you enjoy parental happiness .
And you do n't have to rush to an operation that can no longer be undone .
" That includes children in the decision and eliminates the fear that parents have because they believe they are not doing the right thing , " she explained .
Ultimately , the child decides on the sex that suits him better - and that is wonderful .
This will enable children to make their own decisions .
Unknown Hurt Girls by Shooting from Car
Unknown have injured a 12-year - old in Saxony - Anhalt in shots from a car .
On Thursday evening in Ghent , the perpetrators probably fired an air pressure weapon on a group of children .
That is what the police said in Burg .
The girl was easily injured on the left calf .
Rescue workers brought the girl to the hospital .
The shot came from a small car that passed a group of six children and suddenly stopped .
Witnesses saw two people sitting in the car .
The perpetrators also shot at a bus stop .
A disk broke .
They then drove away .
It was said on Friday that the criminal police are investigating the situation .
Up to now , the Kempten police inspectorate can look back on a quiet Halloween night .
The officials were called on only twice to throw ovarying children , who threw them against house facades .
Since the homeowners recognized this in time and removed the egg remains immediately , no material damage should have occurred .
In addition , some New Year 's Eve Boellers have probably been ignited in the city area , but here too no material damage has been done .
A resident in the Bischof - Freundorfer - Weg reported that his car was wrapped with cloppaper and his whistles were stolen .
However , until the police arrived , the man found all his radiating glares in the immediate vicinity , so the police did not have to continue to act .
Living with a Future
Actually , Waltraud Ries lives in a dreamy setting .
Your house is located in a quiet residential area of Stuttgart with lots of greenery , an old tree population , nice neighbours and not too much traffic .
The city is only a few minutes away by public transport .
" I hope you are not afraid of spiders ? " asks Waltraud Ries and points to a fat spider on the door frame .
I 've been looking for a new home for my husband and myself for some time now .
But you know how difficult it is in Stuttgart .
The reason , however , is not spider phobia , but the concern to be unable to cope with the many steps to the house and in the apartment in old age , she explains .
In addition , since a meniscus operation , the mid - fifties have had to learn what it means to move from floor to floor with a handicap .
She has recently published a book on the theme ' Living in old age - What is the best form of living for me ? ' .
' Our home is the best example of what old age does not do , ' she begins to tell .
When she moved with her husband to the Maisonette apartment more than 20 years ago , it was simply a beautiful apartment in the green .
Today , with mid - fifty , Waltraud Ries thinks differently .
She also knows , however , that she is one of the few people who deals with the subject of ' living in old age ' at all .
Most of them are displacing it as long as possible .
Only the others get old , ' she says smiling .
Only when the pain is really great will one worry about it .
' Then it may be too late ' , says Ries .
In her book , the interior designer presents 17 self - determined living models in old age .
' Which form of living you choose is always an individual decision ' , she explains .
The solution is not for age .
Even those who can afford to retire in Tuscany or Brittany should always consider that they can also become ill .
And : ' Without a good knowledge of the local language , you also get together in the Dolce Vita ' , the author of the book says that you want to resettle .
Among her models are classic care models , alternative forms of living or the often quoted Pensioner - WG .
At age , everyone has their ticks and cracks .
" But for me , such a community would be nothing , " she says with a wink .
Even less like a student WG with a shared bathroom and kitchen .
' At age you just need your retreat rooms ' , Ries said .
The author nevertheless does not want to rule out the fact that a senior residence can still function .
This would have to be different from the classic student WG .
And sometimes you just want your rest , ' she believes .
It is not alone in this view , at least in the state capital .
' Most old people in Stuttgart want to stay in their own home as long as possible ' is also the experience of Theresa Rütten , the head of civic service life in the age of the state capital .
Her office advises people around the topic of ' getting older ' .
That is why older people in particular would often find it difficult to cope with inconveniences and restrictions , just to stay in their usual surroundings - that is also the experience of the Warentest Foundation .
Today there are many ways to make your house or apartment accessible .
Ries recommends to all those who are involved in the age - appropriate renovation of their house or flat to get informed first and not to hire the first - best craftsman .
Today , there are also specialists in the conversion of old age .
Even in the rental apartment one or two things can be done , and if it is only the increase in the toilet seat , the interior designer clarifies .
But it is not always possible to adapt the existing home to the age and thus to be accessible , however beautiful it may be .
Waltraud Ries had this experience .
Although a stairlift could be installed inside the apartment , the stairway to the apartment door , too , would be a much bigger obstacle .
She will continue to search for the ideal object for herself and her husband .
In front of the move she grays more than in front of the spider on her home door .
US Want Snowden Continue to Criminalize
The US has not changed its stance on the former US intelligence worker Edward Snowden .
He will continue to be accused of having passed on unauthorized secret information .
As a result , he has to face criminal proceedings in the US , US State Department spokesman Jennifer Psaki said in Washington .
Snowden 's recent statements would not change that either .
Previously , after a meeting with Snowden in Moscow , the German Green politician Hans - Christian Ströbele appealed to the US not to continue threatening him with punishment .
Psaki stressed that Ströbel 's statements were those of a parliamentarian , not a German member of the government .
Intelligence unveiler Edward Snowden is generally willing to talk to German authorities .
First of all , however , he wants his situation clarified .
This was made clear in an unaddressed letter from the former US - requested NSA , which the Green politician Hans - Christian Ströbele published on Friday after a meeting with Snowden and passed on to the Federal Government , the Bundestag and the Federal Attorney General .
The text of the letter is as follows :
The Competences
I have been asked to write to you about your inquiry into mass surveillance .
My name is Edward Joseph Snowden and I used to be a contractual or direct employee of the National Security Agency ( NSA ) , the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) and the Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) of the United States .
In my work in these institutions , I witnessed systematic breaches of the law by my government , which led me to act out of moral duty .
As a result of the publication of these concerns , I felt exposed to a serious and persistent bullying that forced me to leave my family and home .
I live in exile and have temporary asylum granted to me by the Russian Federation under international law .
I am encouraged by the response to my political actions , both in the US and elsewhere .
Citizens around the world , as well as senior officials - including the United States - have judged the revelations about a system of all - embracing surveillance that is accountable to no one as a public service .
These espionage revelations led to many proposals for new laws and policies aimed at the previously concealed abuse of public trust .
The benefits to society from these lessons are becoming increasingly clear , while at the same time the risks taken have been visibly reduced .
Although the outcome of my efforts has been demonstrably positive , my government continues to treat dissent as a breach of loyalty and seeks to criminalise and prosecute political opinion .
Nevertheless , to tell the truth is not a crime .
I am confident that the United States Government , with the support of the international community , will abandon this damaging attitude .
I hope that , if the difficulties of this humanitarian situation are resolved , I will be able to participate appropriately and legally in the responsible clarification of the statements made in the media , particularly with regard to the truth and authenticity of the reports .
I look forward to meeting you in your country as soon as the situation is clarified and thank you for your efforts to respect international law , which protects us all .
Edward Snowden is testified by Hans - Christian Ströbele
Nursery has found a private buyer
" The building is in good hands , " says Winterlingen 's mayor Michael Maier .
The former kindergarten in the garden street was sold to a private person .
The sale was approved by the local council at its recent non - public meeting .
The building changed its owner to a " reasonable " price .
" The parish is satisfied , " says Maier .
EUR 100 000 were allocated in the budget .
It is not yet clear how the new owner will use the former kindergarten .
The mayor is right that Winterlingen has handed over responsibility for the building to someone else before the winter and therefore no longer has to pay for the entertainment of the house , like heating , looking at the garden and clearing the walkway .
" This effort is gone , " Maier rejoices .
Place concert at high summer temperatures
The Hammereisenbach Music Association gives a place concert on the terrace of the inn Hammer .
When Conductor Bianca Willmann raises the clock at 19.30 , the thermometer still shows 25 degrees .
Some 50 listeners enjoy the sounds of the Hammrich musicians .
Chairman Manuela Honeck explains the music .
Honeck thanked all those who had helped to master the first musician stage .
Report : Obama 's Campaign Considered Replacing Biden with Hillary Clinton
President Barack Obama 's closest advisers have been secretly considering replacing Vice President Joe Biden in the 2012 election with Hillary Clinton , the New York Times argues .
The revelation is the most noteworthy surprise of Mark Halperin 's and John Heilemann 's long - awaited 2012 campaign , " Double Down : Game Change 2012 . "
The Times has a copy of the forthcoming book , and reported on Thursday evening that the president 's top advisers had held " large - scale group meetings and polls at the end of 2011 , " to see if Obama 's waning re - election hope looks better if he drops bides .
According to Jonathan Martin , Times national political correspondent , the book carefully records the efforts of campaign and White House officials , notably the former White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley , to measure the impact on poll ratings of exchanging former Secretary of State Clinton for the vice - president .
The potential change was a strictly guarded secret within the campaign infrastructure in Chicago and the Oval Office .
Only half a dozen of the President 's closest advisers - including Daley , Obama 's former campaign leader , Jim Messina , and former White House senior advisers , David Axelrod , and David Plouffe - knew about the planned change .
Double Down claims that Daley has led the effort to exchange Biden , despite his " close personal relationship , " before eventually opting out of such a move , after the data showed that Clinton 's candidacy " would not significantly improve Obama 's chances . "
In an interview with Martin , Daley confirmed that the government had indeed considered replacing Biden with Clinton .
" I said a lot of things to consider , and that was one of them , " Daley told the magazine .
It is worth recalling that the President had terrible poll ratings at the time , so we thought , " For God 's sake , what do we do ? "
While Daley called the investigation " due diligence , " Martin told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that the re - election campaign had put considerable effort into finding out whether such a move pays off in terms of the ballot box .
" Campaigns do not spend so much money on polls and focus groups if you do n't really think about something , " Martin said on AC360 .
But it is not clear whether Obama knew that his team was considering an exchange .
Martin told CNN that he had asked Daley whether his then - boss knew about the potential shift .
While Daley declared that he did not believe that the president was " aware " of the possible change , the former Chief of Staff admitted that it was " possible " that Obama knew .
Martin added that " double down " does not provide a definitive answer to the question of whether Obama 's political explorations had reached his desk .
Cooper asked Martin if he really think Obama knew nothing about investigating whether to drop biden in the election .
" Possible , " Martin replied .
What happens to my e - mail on the way ?
E - mail is actually called an electronic letter .
Was postal secrecy technically implemented in the design of the Internet service e - mail in a similar way to the conventional post ?
In the conception of early Internet services , the focus was on making communication possible .
That is why , in the case of the basic technical protocols , no attention has been paid to creating a stable foundation for a proper correspondence .
Therefore , a conventional e - mail is more like an open postcard than a sealed letter .
If the user sends " Anna " to " Benni " , are the computers of the two connected directly ?
The e - mail program or browser of Anna sends the mail to the mail server of her service provider .
For example , if it has a GMail account , it would be Google .
This mail server sends the content to the provider that uses Benni .
On the way , the mail can run over several other servers on the Internet .
Bennie can then call its provider .
Are traditional e - mails read as they cross the net ?
Most mails are read by software robots several times on the way .
The sender 's ISP usually checks whether the mail contains a malicious program as an attachment .
A virus check is also carried out on the receiver systems .
In addition , the providers check whether it is an annoying and unwanted spam mail that is immediately deleted or at least sorted off into a spam folder .
Do the robots have another task ?
For systems like GMail , the robot also determines the information Google needs to place context advertising .
When Anna and Benni communicate via GMail about their upcoming holiday trip , Google may display appropriate links to holiday offers .
Do unknown people also read the e - mails ?
The likelihood of unauthorized persons reading a mail is very low .
In theory , however , this is possible .
In companies , administrators often have the opportunity to read electronic mail .
The law enforcement and secret services also have legal means of intercepting or taking note of e - mails .
In addition , there are possible illegal spy - on actions .
Is it possible to protect e - mails against reading ?
Encryption in accordance with the OpenPGP standard allows an e - mail to be encrypted against reading .
It is also possible to disguise the metadata of e - mail communication with a great deal of technical effort , so that it is not easy to identify who has communicated with whom .
How important are Yahoo and Google on the e - mail market in Germany ?
According to a study by Convios Consulting in August 2013 , Yahoo and Google play only a minor role in mainly private mailboxes .
While Yahoo 's share of mail fell last time , Google 's GMail increased significantly .
Mother in the Forest is buried and Pensioned
When his aged mother died , a man from Wolfsburg forged a plan .
He buried the dead in a forest - and continued to receive their pension and nursing money .
In order to continue to receive pension and nursing money , a 67-year - old Wolfsburger buried his dead mother in the forest after an investigation by the police .
First of all , he covered up the death of the 89-year - olds , then he collected the money for more than a year and a half .
Now the 67-year - old has to answer for fraud , as a spokesman said on Friday .
So the man hid the woman in a forest near Helmstedt .
The man was suspected back in May : at that time , it was noticeable that the needed mother no longer needed medication .
The investigator told the pensioner that his mother had travelled to Spain .
Because officials found this strange , they continued to find out .
This led to the conclusion that the two had lived in a common home for more than 15 years and that he had last looked after them .
The 67-year - old finally admitted the death of his mother .
According to the police , an obduction showed no evidence of a capital crime .
Fancy ice cream that shines in the dark ?
A British entrepreneur has developed the first ice in the dark , with jellies .
Charlie Francis took advantage of the fluorescent properties of marine animals and created a glowing delicacy from them .
The idea came to him after he had read a research on jellyfish and persuaded Chinese scientists to make the luminous protein artificially .
The ice cream reacts with the tongue when consumed , raising the pH value in the protein and triggering the luminaire .
Chris explains that the ice in the ice reacts to the heat in the mouth and shines - so the more you lick it , the brighter it gets .
Charlie , the founder of the ice cream company " Lick Me I 'm Delicious " , says : " The product is incredible , but still in a very early production phase , and so you get two grams of it for £ 200 . "
The protein used in the ice cream reacts with the tongue at a neutral pH value .
When the mouth warms up the protein , the pH value rises and the ice shines .
We have tested it over the last few months and it seemed ideal to bring it to the market in Halloween because it has this wonderful luminaire effect .
It is probably the most expensive ice cream I have ever produced , because it is four times more expensive than gold .
Every ball costs me about £ 140 .
But for that it tastes delicious .
Charlie 's experimental company , based in Bristol , is famous for its unusual flavors , including beer , cheese , beef and gold leaf .
But his latest creation is to become even more ambitious .
He says : ' I would like to develop an invisible ice cream ' .
This is in itself impossible because of the refraction of light caused by the ice crystals that make up ice cream , but I suspect we will find a way to do it .
The ice cream uses the fluorescent properties of a spruce manufactured by Chinese scientists .
The TSV Morsum is still without any point in the Handball League after six days of play .
For the team of Ingo Ehlers it 's time for the Derby against TSV Daverden tomorrow , who celebrated his first victory last weekend .
With this game the season begins again for us .
" I hope that we will finally have our head cleared " , Ehlers is behaving optimistically .
At last , with the exception of Hendrik Blohme , he has his entire cadre at his disposal .
Daverden , too , like us , is playing on the pace .
We must therefore keep our error rate low .
First and foremost , however , we need to increase coverage , which has left anything but a certain impression .
Daverden 's coach Thomas Panitz is much more relaxed after his first season victory against Nordhorn .
The game was , of course , a house number .
But that 's why we 're still far from the favourite , because in the Derby everything can always happen .
However , Panitz wants to set up in Morsum to start a series .
Missing will be Jan Malte Iodat .
The A - Jugend Joost Winduß , who is playing with double rights at the A - Jugend Bundesligaist HC Bremen , is celebrating his season debut .
If you are not hot in such a game , stay at home .
Halloween 2013 : Figures
When I was small , Halloween had something magical .
My sister and I were allowed to eat sweets , stay late and dress up for the neighbourhood .
Today I have become more of a Halloween muffle .
Over the last two years , I have not agreed to distribute sweets from my home , nor will I do so this year .
But , according to the statistics , I am a black sheep when it comes to Halloween .
The majority of Americans - 158 million to be precise - are celebrating Halloween this year , with a total of $ 6.9 billion spent on sweets , costumes , and decorations , according to the US Retailers Association ( NRF ) .
One thing I look forward to every Halloween after all is the trend values .
The costumes will amount to about 1.2 billion of the $ 6.9 billion spent , according to the NRF .
This year , exciting unsavoury items are the last cry .
Women no longer have to wear sexy clothes ; they can now also embody seductive food such as pizza , hamburgers , or carrots .
As for men , I expect a lot of zombies thanks to The Walking Dead , and I bet the Daft Punk Spacemen will make it this year in the Instagram feeds .
According to Google , the most sought - after costumes are Zombies , Batman , Pirates and Witches .
I suspect there is nothing wrong with tradition .
We dressed our dogs last year and to my surprise we were not alone .
Indeed , Americans spend $ 330 million this year on their pets ' costumes , the NRF says .
These are a lot of " hot dogs " .
As far as sweets are concerned , we are not jam .
Americans will spend $ 1.9 billion this year , says The Nielsen Company .
That is about 270 million kilograms of chocolate , lollipops , candies and rubber bears .
So good news for the US Department of Commerce 's 41 million people who are pulling through the quarter with the slogan " sweet or sour . "
In fact , we are going to buy over 40 million kilograms of chocolate for Halloween and - let us not delude ourselves - eat .
The only thing we do not want to consume is the sugar - sweetened Candy Corn , but 15 million kilograms of it are sold around Halloween , says the National Confection Manufacturers Association .
That is about nine billion grains of maize .
It is a mystery that I have not yet been able to solve .
Nothing belongs to Halloween more than houses in which it spikes .
They have great names such as ' Terror Behind the Walls ' ( which , by the way , is in a real prison ) , ' Howl - O - Screen ' and ' The House of Shock ' .
There are , in fact , 1,200 officially recognized Spukhauses in the United States that generate $ 500 million in revenue , America Haunts says , and that includes the wonderful photos in which you are shooting in your pants and the friends are putting them on Facebook , where you will not get rid of them , and then the type you are standing on leaves a comment like " nice face expression . "
But let us finally get to the pumpkins .
Charlie Brown familiarized us with the Great Pumpkin when we were children , and carving a pumpkin lamp is like decorating the Christmas tree - something we have done from a very young age .
Fortunately , the " baby in the pumpkin " trend began only last year thanks to Pinterest , so that most of us grew up cutting the pumpkin and not sitting in it .
This year , Americans will spend about $ 106 million on pumpkins , according to the US Census Bureau .
The pumpkin lantern , which is slowly rotting in the front garden , probably comes from Illinois , where 245 million kilograms of pumpkins were harvested this year .
If you want to score the right points , call Tim and Susan Mathisdon in Napa , California and carve something from their 921 kg pumpkin .
Housing Fire in Helmbright : Rescue Forces Hold Charged Body
The fire brigade had to come out late Thursday evening in Helmbrecht .
A three - family house in the district of Hof catches fire on Friday night .
The rescue forces have a charred corpse out of the house .
Rescue workers found a charred corpse in a three - family house during a fire in Helmbrecht .
Whether it is a resident is still unclear , as a police spokesman in Bayreuth said .
It was burnt on the ground floor of the house late Thursday evening .
When the fire brigade arrived , the flames were already beating out of a window .
The staff went into the apartment and found the corpse in a room .
This and another room completely burned out .
The whole ground floor has been damaged .
All other residents were not at home during the fire , the police spokesman continued to explain .
The building is no longer habitable .
The exact cause of the fire was not clear at first .
Germany 's largest state church has launched an offensive to promote the profession of the pastor .
Background is a possible lack of parishes : The Evangelical Lutheran State Church of Hanover expects the number of its currently around 1,800 pastors to be halved by 2030 according to the current situation .
For today 's young people , the profession is very attractive and offers good prospects , said Pastor Mathis Burfien ( 43 ) in conversation with the Evangelical Press Service .
It is attractive to be able to determine the work and day .
For the first time , the Landeskirche has commissioned a pastor in a full position to inspire young people to study theology .
At the moment , fewer and fewer young people choose to study theology after their graduates .
This is due to the process of de - churchization : ' God 's voice is quiet , the world is loud ' .
The profession is characterised by great freedom and diversity .
I am the master of my calendar and can set my priorities where I think it is important .
Pastors could be very close to the people as pastors .
They earned as much as teachers and could make a good living from them .
To be sure , more will be paid in the free economy , but theologians would have a safe employer .
This is in line with today 's young people , who are concerned not only with career , but also with a meaningful job .
According to the Landeskirche , which comprises three quarters of Lower Saxony , some 60 pastors retire every year .
At the same time , some 40 graduates of theology studies begin their vicariat .
In sparsely populated peripheral areas such as the Harz , the Emsland or the Wendland , it may become difficult to fill jobs in the future .
Amongst other things , Burma wants to organise study days for young people and to invite celebrities who have studied theology .
Theological studies offer a wide range of training .
You can even become President of the Federal Republic .
Land Rally Series announced
The interior features racing seats and six - point belts as well as a hands - free system .
The options range from increased brakes , a service package with support for Bowler Works mechanics and logistical support to vehicle storage between events .
Drew Bowler , Managing Director of Bowler Motorsport , says : " The rally customers who come to Bowler have changed . "
They are not all experienced racers , but people who are looking for excitement , adventure and an accessible way to world - class events .
We are pleased to be able to open this path in partnership with Land Rover and MSA and believe that the format opens up new opportunities to experience the various rally disciplines in the UK and abroad and prepare newcomers for the strains and reality of Rally Raid .
We really enjoyed developing the Defender Challenge car - this will be an entertaining championship .
In addition , the Defender Challenge will host a training and test day in February , as well as the option to participate in desert races in North Africa and the Middle East .
The fire brigade called to save a puppy that was stuck 15 meters above the ground on a dangerous rock lead in a quarry .
Cockerspaniel bitch Ruby had run out after a minor road accident .
Three days later , it was discovered by a walker in the quarry in her unfortunate position .
Firefighters rose to the rock face , saving the dog from safe death .
The fire brigade managed to bring a puppy to safety , which was stuck on a 15-metre high lead in a rock face .
The nine - month - old Cockerspaniel bitch Ruby ran away after a traffic accident on Sunday afternoon and survived three days alone before being rescued from a quarry on Wednesday .
Scott Alderson , 25 , and his friend Becky Hall , 20 of whom belonged to , came to the quarry of Flappit in Denholme , West Yorkshire to receive Ruby and thank the firefighters of the West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service .
They had desperately searched for their missing bitch and published calls for help in social networks when they ran into the quarry after the small traffic accident .
At about 14:15 on Wednesday , a walker who carried out his dog saw the stranded Ruby on the 15-metre head in the quarry .
The technical rescue team at Cleckheaton Fire Station rushed to the place and rushed to rescue Ruby , who was then transported up in a dog box .
Andy Clayton , specialist in the technical rescue team , said : " She was in a dangerous situation .
It was in the center of the rock wall - 15 meters from the top and the bottom .
She moved no muscle during her rescue - she was like stiff - frozen .
But now it is doing well .
She then eaten a few cakes of dogs .
That was a rather unusual use .
The fact that the dog was discovered is incredible .
Peter Lau , specialist in the technical rescue team , said : ' Ruby had a giant luck ' .
There was a possibility that she was seriously injured or worse .
Ruby was taken to the vet , but he found nothing except exhaustion and dehydration .
Becky Hall of Halifax , West Yorkshire , said : " Watching the rescue was frightening . "
I could not believe that she was really up there .
It was wonderful to keep them in their arms .
The vet said that if the fatigue had become too large and collapsed , it would probably have crashed .
The firemen have done a great job .
What they did was really brave .
We are so grateful and each of them was absolutely incredible .
Scott Alderson of Keighley added , " We were afraid that it would fall down , but it remained at the top . "
The firemen were great .
I can hardly believe where she was .
Jagger said that he never did Katy Perry when she was 18 .
In an interview with an Australian radio station this week , the pop star said she was working as a background singer on Jagger 's 2004 song " Old Habits Die Hard " .
Perry said that she had dinner with the old rocker and that " he hooked me when I was 18 " .
She added : ' It was a long time ago and he was very kind to me ' .
In a statement , a Jagger representative , 70 , said on Thursday that he " categorically denies that he has ever tried to move closer to Katy Perry . "
The representative added : " Perhaps she confused him with someone else . "
Perry was one of the singers who made a guest appearance on this year 's Rolling Stones tour .
Her new album " Prism " was right on top of the list this week .
George Kerevan : European Unbundling gives the Scots the vote
A new day , a new horror story about independence .
This time we are warned that an independent Scotland is required to join the Schengen area as a condition for EU membership .
This provides the keyword for stories about passport controls in Berwick and a barbed wire border along the Hadrian 's Wall .
Indeed , the Strathclyde proposal referred to the potential economic benefits that would bring more freedom of movement in the rest of Europe , but , as expected , this did not matter in the headlines .
Nor has anyone mentioned that EU states often bend their rules when they are better off .
As Scotland is not currently part of the Schengen area , continuing disregard for Brussels would be a small concession in exchange for what the Scots really want .
So not really a story .
And one that has come so long that it is already a fossil : the first time I have heard the " independence means passport controls " duck at least 40 years ago .
An interesting point is lost in the constant repetition of this ancient history .
Why should we expect an independent Scotland to dance to the European pipe ?
Why exchange the London yoke for that of Brussels , especially now ?
These are the real European news : the great post - war plan to unify Europe has stalled .
With the euro crisis , the European project has officially died .
All over the EU , parties that are anti - EU or want to throw the euro overboard as a common currency are gaining ground .
Even in Germany , the Euro - skeptic Alternative Party for Germany - founded just this year - gained nearly five million votes in the September federal election , effectively driving the Free Democrats ( the equivalent of the British Liberal Democrats ) out of the Bundestag .
There has always been domestic opposition to the plan to create a federalist Europe .
But the current economic crisis is turning out to be a turning point .
Because of the strict austerity imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank , together with the straitjacket into which the national economy is coerced by adhering to the single currency , many people believe that the European project has gone too far .
The euro crisis has little to do with national governments causing excessive budget deficits - only in Greece .
Instead , the Eurosystem has nailed its members into exchange rates that are beneficial to German exporters - and German politicians would like to leave that .
Without the possibility of a local currency devaluation , southern Europe finds itself with a built - in productivity disadvantage vis - à - vis Germany .
The only way to cut wages and public spending - spurred on by Berlin .
Behind the current budgetary and monetary problems lies a deeper European productivity problem .
As a result of the " green " energy directives imposed by Brussels - a code for subsidising French and German energy companies at the expense of consumers - European industry pays twice as much for electricity as the United States and four times as much for gas .
This is a crippling cost disadvantage , as we saw in Grangemouth .
All the world 's wage fixes do not protect the European petrochemical industry from being pushed into the corner by cheap American shale gas .
As a result , a revolt is raising , especially in France , the EU 's former cheerleader .
After the war , France 's political elite saw the EU as a vehicle to keep Germany at bay and raise Paris to equals with Washington .
But Berlin no longer needs Paris as a gateway to political legitimacy , and it has imposed its own economic policy on Europe , which is struggling with the troubled French economy .
The result : Marine Le Pen 's right - wing anti - EU National Front has just won a decisive by - election , putting the ruling Socialists in third place .
The Front National is now France 's most popular party , with 24 % of the vote - a timely warning to the British Labour Party that it can not expect a right - wing split to automatically benefit the left .
What does Le Pen do with her newly gained popularity among the white working - class French ?
It wants to use the EU elections next year to forge an anti - EU , anti - Community currency bloc in the European Parliament .
If the anti - EU parties do well in these elections - and this is very possible - such a bloc could dominate the European Parliament for the first time .
This is the point I want to make : in the not too distant future , the growing resentment of the EU and the single currency will come together to abolish the euro .
The EU will not disappear , but it will become something like the " Europe of ( sovereign ) nations " that General de Gaulle favored .
Germany and some of its satellite economies may hold on to the euro , but France and southern Europe will return to their own currencies .
I expect Britain to distance itself from this project in the hope of cuddling in with the United States .
But Washington 's growing interest in the Pacific suggests that Britain will be alone in Atlantic rain .
Where is Scotland in all this ?
We can decide to be a region of ( ultimately ) small England .
Or we can defend our own economic interests - which also involves telling Berlin and Brussels what they can put themselves where they are .
I suspect that Scotland could do very well in a looser European grouping if we kept our own currency .
Cooperation with other similar countries is easier in a non - federal Europe of nations .
Otherwise , we should consider doing the same to Norway and retain our economic independence .
The SNP government in Scotland is - remarkably - the most successful anti - austerity policy movement in Europe , and won a spectacular majority in 2011 , owing to the rejection of the proposed ( and implemented ) cuts that Labour finance minister Alistair Darling and the subsequent Tory - Lib Dem coalition had to blame .
It would be ridiculous for Scotland to choose independence now , only to be forced into austerity by Berlin and Brussels .
Early Puberty : Grow faster
African - American and Hispanic girls tend to reach puberty rather than their white counterparts , as studies show .
Physical changes do not immediately mean puberty
There is no evidence that hormones or other chemicals are responsible .
Experts believe that epidemic obesity triggers early puberty
The trend to early puberty is less pronounced among boys
The former CNN correspondent , Pat Etheridge , is a journalist specialising in child health and family issues .
Should a mother be worried if her daughter grows breasts and sham hair at the age of seven or eight ?
At this week 's annual meeting of the American Academy of Pediatrics in Orlando , Florida , the paediatric endocrinologist Dr. Paul Kaplowitz stated that these early physical changes are relatively normal among American girls and constitute a new norm .
" I spend a lot of time reassuring parents - usually this is no sign that puberty is now fast , " Kaplowitz explained .
Obvious indications of development , such as growing breasts , shameful and armpitted hairs , as well as body smell , appear earlier in girls .
However , there has been only a slight shift in the age of the menarchy ( the occurrence of the first regular bleeding ) in the last 40 years .
In the United States , the average age is 12.5 years , slightly less than 12.75 in 1970 .
" When the breast begins to develop , it will take at least two to three years to reach the menarchy , " said Kaplowitz , the author of the book " Early Puberty in Girls : The Essential Advisor to deal with this common problem " .
Time is the most accurate test of how puberty is progressing .
There is controversy about what actually marks the beginning of puberty , but it is " premature " when breast enlargement is accompanied by a surge in growth before eight years .
In most cases , the process slows or stagnates - something that a paediatrician can closely monitor .
At a faster pace , tests by an endicronologist may be appropriate to rule out serious problems such as tumors or cysts .
There are treatments to delay early menstruation and defend against another consequence : the premature aging of the bones , which can lead to an inhibition to growth and therefore small body growth in adults .
The recommendations for medication or hormone therapy are based on the age of the child , the rate of development , the rate of growth and the emotional maturity .
Psychosocial aspects are also important .
Kaplowitz is reticent about drugs , but he admits : " Suppressing puberty can alleviate behavioral problems and the feelings of girls to be different from their contemporaries . "
The other big problem is understandable : parents simply do not want their very young daughters to have the period .
" They worry about the risk of pregnancy or how they handle the hygienic side , " Kaplowitz said .
" It was a shock , " remembers a woman whose daughter was given her days with ten .
Even though there were initial signs and we talked about menstruation , it was not emotionally prepared .
She came home frightened and excited from school because she was the first in her circle of friends .
There are many widely published theories about the causes of early puberty .
But there is no conclusive evidence that hormones are causal in milk or other foods , chemicals in the environment , or sexual messages in the media .
Boys come into puberty in a similar way to girls in the past .
Kaplowitz believes that the most convincing premise is the obesity epidemic .
He supported the conduct of a study in 2001 on girls aged between six and nine , which established a link between body fat and entry into puberty .
Other studies support this conclusion , but there are many other factors that played a role .
In this country , African - American and Hispanic girls tend to reach puberty rather than their white contemporaries .
There are different explanations for this .
Globally , early puberty seems to be influenced by all sorts of things , from economic to climate to genes .
Another puzzle : although boys have seen their face and pamphlet hair grow earlier , the trend towards full early puberty is not as pronounced as in girls .
Other doctors at the AAP conference underlined the complexity of the issue .
Acne and sham hair are common even in babies and infants .
" We must be careful how we identify the true beginning of puberty , " said Dr. Lawrence Silverman , a paediatric endocrinologist at Goryeb Children 's Hospital in Morristown , New Jersey .
Parents should not hesitate to get advice from their paediatrician on how to talk to their child .
" This may mean having to talk earlier than expected , " Kaplowitz said .
If you stay calm , the child usually reacts well .
Girls who flourish early need insurance that the process is a normal part of life , even if it happens sooner than expected .
Jumbo manufacturers argue over seat width in the face of large orders .
There has been a controversy between leading aircraft manufacturers over the width of tourist class seats on long - haul flights , which is the tone for a bitter clash at this month 's Dubai Airshow .
The argument revolves around the seat width offered to passengers on long - range tourist flights - not always those that airlines are most concerned about , but this designated room is the key to the efficiency claims on the latest Airbus SAS and Boeing Co. aircraft .
This week , Airbus called for an industry standard that requires at least 46 cm ( 18 inches ) of seat in the tourist class , but the US archrival Boeing says airlines should decide .
The dispute comes at a time when aircraft manufacturers are competing to sell even larger versions of their two - engine long - range aircraft and are expecting record orders at the event from 17 to 21 November .
The design of the rear part of the aircraft - especially whether there are nine- or ten - seat rows - is crucial to the stated economic results that the new " mini jumbo " design is supposed to deliver .
Boeing claims its modernized " 777X " capture 406 passengers in tourist class seats that are over 17 inches wide and thus allow ten per row .
Airbus declares that the competing version of the A350 will carry 350 passengers in 18 inch wide tourist class seats , with nine per row .
Giants of aircraft often share sweats about technical details via advertising in the trade press .
Airbus is now appealing directly to the public before the Dubai Airshow , where the 777X is expected to race with over 100 orders .
Recently , the company presented an advertisement that could mark the beginning of a new advertising war , showing donors a picture in which three people sit squeezed together in a restaurant , with the title : ' Would you accept that ? '
" Boeing proposes long - haul flights in seats narrower than regional turbo - props , " says Airbus CEO John Leahy .
In the face of changing eating habits , people are getting fatter , but aircraft seats have not changed radically .
Between the early 1970 's , when the Boeing 747 defined the modern long - distance journey , and at the end of the century , the weight of the average male American aged 40 - 49 increased by 10 % , according to the US Department of Health .
The waist range of the average male American in the 21st century is 100.8 cm , according to US health statistics .
Airbus says its rival is a 1950s seat concept when the average body size of the newly baptized " Jet Set " was narrower .
Research has been carried out , according to Airbus , to show that an additional duty ( 2.54 cm ) per seat increases sleep quality by 53 % .
Boeing disputes Airbus ' seating figures and says that it is not at the discretion of the manufacturers to decide how airlines balance flight fares and facilities .
The company also states that , according to research , the experience in the aircraft depends on more than the seat width .
" It is really about giving airlines flexibility to do what they think they have to do in order to succeed , " explains Boeing 's cabin expert Kent Craver .
They do not want us to dictate to them what makes them profitable .
They know their business better than anyone .
It is a question of greater elbow freedom for passengers , but for manufacturers it is becoming an increasingly important issue that can affect sales .
Behind the dispute is a race for aircraft orders estimated to be worth at least $ 700 billion at list prices in the coming decades , which could have a sustainable impact on the US or Europe 's export balance .
As Reuters first reported in July , the seat layout is the driving force behind the battle over the new jets .
Both Airbus and Boeing claim 20 percent more efficiency per seat in their latest two - engine long - range designs than the market leader in this segment , the 365-seat Boeing 77 - 300ER .
The 777X was the first 777 to be compared to the 777 's original design of nine seats per row .
The increased cost per unit is still lower than for machines with ten seats per row .
" Boeing therefore squeezes more seats into its aircraft in order to make it more competitive to our products , " says Kevin Keniston , head of passenger comfort at European Airbus .
On the other hand , analysts say that full cabins with ten seats per row on existing 777s have indicated that many passengers chose the narrower order , which could be accompanied by cheaper fares .
" Eighteen inch seat widths would be great for passengers , but the reality is that , from an economic point of view , the Airbus offer is driven by the threat of the 777 , " says Mary Kirby , cabin equipment expert , founder and editor of Runway Girl Network .
Airbus and Boeing do not offer seats , but a catalogue of suppliers from which the airlines can choose .
The world - wide jet sellers even carry a bandwidth with them to measure the equipment with the competition .
Even if they offer comfort , all manufacturers also offer high - density jets for low - cost airlines and regional flights .
Airbus offers a ten - seat A350 but has not yet sold .
Until recently , Airbus stressed the importance of greater cabin adaptability and offering wide seats in the corridors for some jets .
Without the support of the only other manufacturer of modern jets , experts say that the call for a new industry standard is likely to dissipate , but could divert attention from the wave of 777X sales .
New anti - nicotine vaccine could kill smoking pleasure
Scientists have developed an anti - nicotine vaccine that could spoil the fun of smoking .
A single dose of the vaccine could protect mice from smoking for a lifetime .
More human testing is needed , which may take several years , but Professor Ronald Crystal of Weill Cornell Medical College in New York said that the first results were good .
" We are very hopeful that this type of vaccination strategy can help millions of smokers who have tried to quit and have tried all the methods available on the market , but have seen that their addiction to nicotine is stronger than these approaches , " Cornell said .
The new vaccine contains a harmless virus that has been modified to contain genetic information on the production of nicotine antibodies .
The virus selectively infects the liver cells , which then produce a constant stream of antibodies .
The antibodies hunt the nicotine molecules in the blood and neutralize them before they reach the brain , which prevents smokers from experiencing a nicotine high .
In trials , vaccinated mice administered with nicotine maintained their normal level of activity .
Mice without vaccination , however , would have taken a " time - out , " the researchers explained , a sign that nicotine has reached its brain .
The experiments are described in the Science Translational Medicine Journal .
Previous tobacco vaccines failed because they contained antibodies .
Vaccinations had to be given so often in order to maintain the antibody level that they were expensive and impractical .
But the cost of the new vaccine is likely to be much lower , because it turns liver cells into antibody factories .
As Professor Crystal said , a future vaccine for people , if safe , could be admitted to children before they were tempted to try a cigarette , thus preventing nicotine addiction .
But smokers are more likely to use it to stop .
" They then know that when they start smoking again , they no longer have any pleasure with it because of the nicotine vaccine , and that helps them to stop the habit , " he explains .
British scientists said that the results were interesting but , at the same time , warned that further research was needed .
Tripodi denies having been influenced by Obeid
The former Labor minister , Joe Tripodi , of New South Wales , is being investigated by the state 's corruption supervision .
The former NSW minister denies having amended the rules on maritime leasing at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid , who owned hidden investments in three land on state - controlled land .
On Friday , the Independent Commission Against Corruption ( ICAC ) extended its investigation into whether Obeid influenced various ministers of state to extend leases at Circular Quay , where the Obeids operated two restaurants and a café , without a call for tenders after it expired in August 2005 .
Now Tripodi is being investigated for alleging that Obeid had taken a covert interest in the land after Tripodi 's former deputy chief of staff told Lynne Ashpole accordingly on Thursday .
In years of talks that began in 2005 , the government pressed for public tenders for the lease .
The tenants opposed this and also wanted longer running times .
In 2009 , the lease agreements for the Circular Quay companies , which brought in $ 2.5 million annually to the Obeids , were extended without public tender .
Tripodi , who was Port Minister from February 2006 to November 2009 , originally called for public tenders .
But he denied having made the changes at Obeid 's request , which , as Tripodi confirmed , had pushed for a reform of the government 's leases .
An ICAC telephone record showed conversations from August and September 2007 between Obeid , Tripodi , and Steve Dunn , a senior officer who had moved to the port ministry after working under the auspices of the Fisheries Authority .
' Was the issue discussed in these telephone conversations about the development of commercial lease schemes ? ' asked Deputy Commissioner Anthony Whealy Tripodi .
" No , " Tripodi replied .
I can not remember what was discussed , but it was definitely not .
Definitely not between me and Mr Obeid .
Israeli fighter planes attack targets in Syria , according to official sources
Israeli fighter planes attacked a target in the Syrian port of Latakia on Thursday night , a senior government official confirmed to Fox News .
The official did not explain what the goal was , but said it was at least one .
According to the Associated Press , the target was Russian SA-125 missiles .
Israel has already carried out air strikes on rocket deliveries in Syria at least twice this year .
Foreign workers with 457 visas could undergo " authenticity tests . "
The government is considering a 457-visa " authenticity test " for foreign workers as part of the extended measures .
If the test were to be introduced , it would be used via a criterion designed to prevent 457 from being used to fill unskilled jobs or as a back door for family and friends to enter Australia .
Today , a proposal for discussion by the government was published after former Labor MP Maxine McKew condemned the government 's comments on foreign workers because they could be viewed as an insult by Australia 's neighbors .
" Voluminous statements like " Foreigners should stand behind " and " Australians should set up first " are a very unpleasant regression at a time when trade unions were demanding a protected labor market , " she said to the Australia India Institute today .
Historically , this meant that white workers should be protected - and if some in the region heard an echo of this historic artefact , I would not be surprised .
The discussion proposal outlines 12 measures that were once envisaged by the former immigration minister , Chris Bowen .
Immigration Minister Brendan O'Connor , who was in Sri Lanka yesterday for talks on smuggling of human beings , has implemented five of the recommended changes , the others are still being considered .
If the ' criterion of authenticity ' is adopted , someone who applies for a visa could be checked to see if ' the application is genuine in cases where the applicant is related or personally associated with the holder or a relevant person of the supporting company ' .
Companies could also be required to account for the number of 457 visa holders , after hundreds of companies that initially wanted to support a small number of workers in the past ended up hiring .
Meanwhile , a 35-year - old Sri Lankan asylum seeker probably died of a heart attack after arriving on Christmas Island with a refugee boat this week .
The disturbed nine - year - old son of the man who had come to Australia with him has been served by an adult cousin since his father 's death on Wednesday .
Australian authorities brought the man to the Christmas Island Hospital where he died .
The British Government has announced a study to increase the benefits of the HS2 rail project for Scotland .
In the work of HS2 Ltd , it is proposed that high - speed links between Scotland and the North of England should begin at Phase 1 in 2026 .
Mrs Kramer , Minister for Transport , said that the project ' will bring Britain closer together ' .
The Scottish transport minister , Keith Brown , said that he was delighted to work with the British Government on this plan .
Phase 1 is a new high - speed rail link between London and the West Midlands .
There will be links to Manchester and Leeds after Phase 2 .
In June , the government corrected the estimated cost of building the high - speed road between London and Northern England from £ 32.7 billion to £ 42.6 billion .
The UK Government , which is in talks with Transport Scotland , has asked HS2 Ltd to look for further route capacity and travel time improvements for Northern England and Scotland .
These include the possibility of a three - hour or less journey from Glasgow and Edinburgh to London .
Baroness Kramer said : " Our goal for HS2 is a truly national network that brings Britain and its cities closer together . "
We are making progress with HS2 because it brings enormous benefits .
Without it , we are facing a crisis of capacity in our rail network .
But there is also the link between 18 British cities , including Glasgow and Edinburgh , which will be improved thanks to HS2 .
Scottish Secretary of State Alistair Carmichael commented : " Today 's announcement is good news for Scotland . "
On behalf of the Scottish Government , Keith Brown called on Carmichael to commit himself " unequivocally " to Scottish integration into the HS2 network .
Brown said : ' The high - speed rail link has the potential to bring enormous economic benefits to Scotland , but at the same time Scotland 's economic power provides an argument for fast rail links across the UK . '
That is why we are pleased to work as a partner of the UK Government to explore the options for a high - speed rail link in Scotland , which will bring benefits for all and complement the Glasgow - Edinburgh link that the Scottish Government is already planning .
I look forward to looking into the report with the British ministers next year and taking a joint decision on the next steps .
Regulations on electronic equipment in aircraft remain provisionally in force in Australia .
Australian air passengers must continue to shut down tablets and smartphones when they take off and land , despite efforts in the US to relax the rules on such equipment .
The US Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) allows US airlines to change their rules so that passengers can read e - books , see or play videos during critical flight phases if they are in " flight mode . "
During most of the flight , passengers are already allowed to do so , but many people find it annoying that they are not allowed to read their e - books when they take off and land .
Australian companies are observing the decision that US airlines have to do a huge amount of work to implement , but do not have any immediate plans to change their rules .
The CASA has also said that it will look at the announcement , but has stressed that the restrictions on the use of electronic equipment in critical flight phases still apply in Australia .
" CASA currently has no specific regulations regarding the use of electronic devices in aircraft " , has been announced .
The issue is subject to provisions requiring airlines to maintain safety at all times and passengers to follow the safety instructions given by cabin crew .
Virgin has already held talks with CASA about extending its Wi - Fi entertainment system to flights and says that they are open to change , but they must be initiated by the legislator .
" We would like to see a CASA review of the approval of electronic devices , because we are convinced that this would improve the customer 's experience as we now offer ( wireless entertainment ) during the flight , " said one speaker .
Qantas said that we will keep to the current regulations for the time being .
" Our current policy stipulates that electronic equipment may not be used at take - off and landing , and we currently have no plans to change that , " the company explained .
The FAA rules apply to US airlines .
However , we are always interested in developments in rules that can benefit passengers and we will certainly look closely at the FAA decision and the reasons behind it .
The decision varies depending on the age of the fleet .
They must prove that their aircraft are able to tolerate radio interference from mobile devices , and they must change manuals , training materials , hand baggage programmes and customer instruction .
" Once an airline has confirmed the tolerance of its fleet , it can allow passengers to use portable , light - weight electronic devices , such as tablets , e - book readers and smartphones at any height , " the FAA announced .
In rare cases , the crew will instruct the passengers to disable the equipment during landing .
The group also recommended that heavier equipment be stored safely under the seat or over the seats in the compartments upon take - off and landing .
In front of the Schalke Revierderby , the BVB trailer with luminaires had caused ugly scenes in the Veltins Arena .
Borussia Dortmund announced severe consequences .
The Ultras reacted with a silence before the Friday match of the Bundesliga against the VfB Stuttgart .
It was an unusual , almost ghostly acoustic that offered the viewer until shortly before the start of the Bundesliga match between the German vice - champion Borussia Dortmund and the VfB Stuttgart in the signal Iduna Park .
Most of the guests were listened to with their songs .
By contrast , the Southern Tribune , where the most loyal - and noisy - fans of the BVB are standing , was exceptionally quiet at first : no chants , no battle crys .
The podium of the Capo , which otherwise coordinated the joint firing , remained unoccupied .
And right at the front of the gallery a big flag flying lonely with the inscription " Section Banning Stadium " .
Only when the goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller , as always , was the first BVB player to enter the course , did short - lived jubilation burn up .
When his team colleagues followed , there were loud vocals and blowing shawls - but not everywhere .
The central blocks 12 and 13 of the southern stand are full of excitement .
Nor did the fact that stadium spokesman Norbert Dickel recounted the positive experiences of the last few days - the derby victory , the victory over Arsenal , the renewal of the contract by coach Jürgen Klopp - cause a festive mood .
Only five minutes before the whistle , the Capo reached his podium - and until then the strain , which was almost tangible with his hands , came out in a loud cry , when , as usual , the mood in the stadium changed .
Finally , as always , it was the turn of the Southern Tribune - and finally here again was the noisiest place in the stadium .
And , at the latest , when the vociferous " Derby Winner stands up " came out from the South gallery , everything was as usual .
The silence before this was probably a response to what has happened in recent days .
Just in front of the FC Schalke 04 , some of the BVB trailers taken with them had fired luminous missiles into the spectators ' ranks and onto the square - and almost hit the goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller .
The game was late attacked because of the chaotic scenes .
BVB - Boss Hans - Joachim Watzke had received the tops of the Dortmund Ultras in his office - and it is believed that Watzke 's words were a rather uncomfortable appointment for the fans .
" There will be massive cuts for the whole ultra movement , " the BVB - Boss announced on Thursday evening at a panel discussion in Frankfurt .
As an immediate measure , Watzke forbade Ultras a choreography for the home game against VfB Stuttgart .
" I have banned this , " he said .
We can not give up the zero tolerance policy on pyrotechnics .
In addition , the ultras have been shown various ways of being punished - until Tuesday , they now have time to opt for one .
Otherwise , Watzke said , the BVB will impose a sanction by the end of next week .
" That 's going to be crucial , " Watzke insured .
We can not wait to see how the reactions in the South 's gallery will turn out .
Deposits are booming in Singapore , as the crisis has reached the middle class .
Janani Amirthalinga trades a golden armridge , a ring , and a pair of earrings in a deposit in the shopping centre Bendemeer in Singapore to pay their daughters ' school fees .
" My husband and I have just bought a house , there 's all my money in it , " says Amirthalinga .
Although she earns $ 3,000 a month ( about € 1,730 ) as an administrative worker and her husband also works , monthly family income is not sufficient , she explains .
Indeed , in parts of South - East Asia - where household debt is growing - demand is so high that this week , ValueMax , where it has exchanged , became the third Pfandhaus listed on the Singapore stock exchange .
Pledgeing jewellery is not only a quick way to get money - $ 1,300 in the case of Janani Amirthalinga - but also almost as cheap as an unsecured bank loan .
Typically , Singaporean Pfandhauses demand an effective annual interest rate of 17 % , just above the 15.4 % demanded by United Overseas Bank , a local lender with a branch in the same shopping center .
However , depositaries offer the advantage that there is no need for credit or income verification , which makes loans faster than banks can .
That is why millions of people in the region turn to deposits as families feel the pressure of rising living costs and rising household and consumer debt .
After five years of robust growth since the global financial crisis , and cheap loans due to loose fiscal policies in developed economies , lower- and middle - income families are looking for deposits to make up the difference in a stuttering economy .
This week , the rating agency Standard & Poor 's described growing household debt as a risk factor for the creditworthiness of Asian banks , mainly through rising mortgages .
According to the agency , Malaysia , Thailand and Singapore have the highest level of domestic debt in Asia in terms of GDP .
Malaysia is at the top of the list , with 80 % GDP , rising by 60 % in 2008 .
Economists are also worried about Thailand 's high consumer debt , which has just emerged from a technical recession this week .
On Thursday , the data showed that exports were still weak and consumer demand was falling .
" In the end , this means that , as costs rise , people in the middle to lower segment ( the income scale ) will try to supplement their income wherever possible , " says Song Seng Wun , economist at CIMB , a Malaysian bank .
Historic highs in gold prices over the past two years have reinforced the trend to bond personal items , as people seize the opportunity to turn family jewellery into cash .
In Singapore , about 70 percent of pledged items are gold in the city - state 's 200 pledge houses .
People say to themselves : " The price of gold looks good , let us pledge grandmother 's gold chain and get it back next month . "
The largest Thai deposit operator , EasyMoney , has experienced a 20 % increase in its stores in recent months .
Growth in the deposit business is so strong that ValueMax , the owner of the Bendemeer branch and 15 others in Singapore , wants to expand not only to neighbouring Malaysia - where the company operates four houses - but also outside Asia , says ValueMax CEO Yeah Lee Ching .
The company finances this with 60 % of the 66 million Singapore dollars that it received at the Singapore Stock Exchange this week .
While some lenders went into the crossfire because of high interest rates , Yeah explains that Pfandhäuser not only offer cheaper interest rates than other lenders , but also do not directly increase debt .
" Customers lend items they already own , and liquefying personal valuables does not increase household indebtedness , " she explains .
The mortgage lending business is increasingly accepted by society as short - term , secure financing .
Nor are all the people using deposit loans in financial difficulty .
Rich people from Singapore also come to the stores of ValueMax to mortgage gold bars and Rolex watches , for which they receive up to 60 % of the purchase price in cash .
Customers from every social class come to us .
" These include the well - off who borrow for short - term business or investment , or small businesses that need to bridge cash - flow bottlenecks , " said Yeah .
Sometimes they just need money very quickly .
NSA sucks data from Google and Yahoo - Snowden wants to help
The secret service unveiler Edward Snowden has a fundamental interest in helping Germany clarify the ever - more explosive NSA Spahaffe .
According to the Green MEP Hans - Christian Ströbele , his surprising meeting with Snowden in Russia was about the conditions under which the ex - intelligence officer would testify to a German public prosecutor 's office or a committee of inquiry .
Snowden referred to his complicated legal situation , told the ARD magazine " Panorama " .
A $ 325 Million Rescue Package for Tasmanian Health
The Australian government insists on the harsh conditions associated with the $ 325 million rescue package for Tasmanian health care to ensure that the state government can not waste the money .
Federal Health Minister Tanya Plibersek has announced that the Commonwealth will take " immediate action " to avert a crisis caused by an ageing population of the island state , a higher rate of chronic disease , and systemic restrictions .
The funding for a period of four years was decided after government consultations with independent Tasmanian MEP Andrew Wilkie .
" The government has put in place an emergency rescue package that , in our view , addresses the unique challenges faced by the state , " Plibersek said today .
The $ 325 million package comprises $ 31 million in emergency electoral aid .
A further 2600 surgeries , including orthopaedic surgery and treatment due to gray star , are to be carried out to remove residues .
There is also money for day clinics in Hobart and Launceston , better after - care for inpatient stays , specialist training , mental health services and the introduction of an electronic recording system for health data in local hospitals .
" These investments are in line with the ideas that clinic staff have told me they are the best way to improve the Tasmanian health system , " Tanya Plibersek said .
The Minister insisted on strict reporting and accountability by the Tasmanian Government .
The state must maintain the current level of funding in order to obtain money from the Commonwealth , and report monthly on where the extra money was spent .
A three - member commission will be set up to ensure that the state provides health services as effectively and efficiently as possible .
As Wilkie has said today , the $ 325 million would be of little use if " they were not accompanied by real reforms that put the Tasmanian public health system on a more sustainable path . "
Nevertheless , he praised the government for responding to his request for urgent help , which he first expressed to the Prime Minister at the beginning of May.
" I am confident that federal aid will make a major contribution to removing the state 's public health system from the worries list , " Wilkie said .
According to the state 's government , these electoral services will largely offset the recent cutbacks .
But the opposition 's health - care spokesman at the federal level , Peter Dutton , believes that today 's announcement is only a " pavement solution . "
" We are in a position today because the laboratory government withdrew $ 430 million from the health care system , " he told ABC TV .
It is not acceptable for a state government to pull almost half a billion dollars out of the system and put 300 million in the Commonwealth and then pretend that this is good news .
Dutton called on Plibersek to guarantee that not one dollar of the rescue package would be spent on additional bureaucracy .
Guillaume Nicloux 's adaptation of the novel by Denis Diderot convinces with its extraordinary production equipment and contemporary details , but is also heavier food than is required .
The story of Suzanne , a young nobleman sent to the monastery by her family , tells the story of Suzanne , playing in the France of the 1760s .
When she rebelled , she was confronted with the extreme cruelty of an extremely sadistic superior and became the object of the erotic fascination of another .
The film never slips into listening or sensationalism - and that is its problem .
The solemn seriousness with which the film is told makes it a tormented shirt for the public .
Syria has destroyed its ability to produce chemical weapons , according to a surveillance group .
Syria has destroyed important chemical weapons and gas ammunition facilities , the Global Chemical Weapons Surveillance Group declared on Thursday , while serious clashes have taken place in the north of the country near one of the sites where toxic substances are allegedly stored .
Also on Thursday , a Syrian activist group announced that more than 120,000 people have been killed since the civil war began almost three years ago .
The announcement of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ( OPCW ) came the day before the date
1 November , which the Hague - based organisation Damascus set up to destroy or render ' inoperable ' all chemical weapons production facilities , including all machinery for mixing chemicals into toxic gas and ammunition filling .
Completing this process , which is basically the first stage of destruction , is an important milestone in an ambitious timetable aimed at destroying all of Syria 's chemical weapons by mid-2014 .
The destruction of facilities means that Syria can no longer produce new chemical weapons .
However , Damascus has yet to start destroying existing weapons and supplies .
There are some 1,000 tons of chemicals and weapons in the country , including mustard gas and nerve gas sarin .
The announcement came at a time when there were fighting in the city of Safira on Thursday , when experts said that there was a chemical weapons production facility and that there were deposits , as the Syrian Human Rights Observatory in the United Kingdom said .
The group of activists who are following the number of deaths through a network of activists in Syria declared on Thursday that 120,296 people have died .
Of these , 61,067 are civilians , including 6,365 children .
On the government side , 29,954 of them belonged to President Bashar Assad 's army , 18,678 were pro - government fighters and 187 Lebanese Hezbollah militias .
There were also 2,202 deserted army soldiers and 5,375 opposition fighters among the dead , many of them foreigners .
On July 25 , the UN estimated the number of deaths in the conflict to be 100,000 since March 2011 .
This number has not been updated yet .
The conflict has forced about two million people to flee the country .
Assad 's troops have been fighting the rebels in Safira for weeks , many of whom have links with al - Qaeda groups .
The Centre said that there had been losses on both sides on Thursday , but did not mention any details .
The fighting underscores the danger to which the chemical weapons inspectors are exposed , because their mission to free Syria from its toxic arsenal is a race against time in the midst of a raging civil war .
According to the OPCW , which works in close cooperation with the United Nations , the team " now believes that it has seen and seen all the major manufacturing and mixing / filling facilities mentioned by Syria . "
Therefore , ' no further inspection activities are currently planned ' .
At the beginning of the week , the inspectors said that they had completed the first round of inspections and visited 21 out of 23 of the sites indicated by Damascus .
Because of safety concerns , the inspectors said that it was not possible to visit two institutions .
On Thursday , the OPWC declared that the two sites had been abandoned , according to the Syrian statement , " ... and that the chemical weapons programme objects that existed there had been relocated to other such facilities that had been inspected . "
It was not immediately clear whether the site in Safira was one of the two facilities that could not visit the OPCW inspectors .
Syria has submitted a plan for the complete destruction of its chemical weapons , which must be approved next month by the OPWC 's executive committee .
" I salute the bravery and courage you have all shown in fulfilling the most challenging mission ever carried out by this organisation , " said Ahmed Uzumcu , Director - General of the Monitoring Organization in a commentary published by OPCW .
For three years now , the mainly Sunni Muslim rebels have been fighting Assad 's government and its security forces , which include many Alawites , a secession of Shia Islam , in this civil war .
With regard to further developments , Rami Abdurrahman , the head of the observatory , said that on Wednesday there was a major explosion in an air defence facility in the Syrian coastal province of Latakia .
The cause of the explosion was unknown , he explained .
Wrath on Bali Bombers
Survivors and relatives of the 202 people who died in the 2002 Bali bombing responded angrily to the verdict for the last of the instigators brought to trial , believing that Umar Patek should be fired up .
Patek , who was on the run for almost ten years as one of the most sought after people in South - East Asia , was sentenced yesterday to 20 years in prison for his role in building explosives for the bombing .
He could be dismissed after 15 years if he was suspended .
The 45-year - old was found guilty of mass murder for attacking two night clubs in the popular tourist area of Kuta , in which 202 people died , including 88 Australians , and many others were injured .
A conviction was also issued in a number of terrorist charges , including a wave of explosives on churches in Indonesia on Christmas Eve in 2000 .
The public prosecutor had called for life imprisonment , even if it could have applied for the death penalty for the man who , for his reputation as a master bomber , is also called ' Demolition Man ' .
The decision aroused painful memories at June Corteen , a mother from Perth , who lost her 39-year - old twin daughters Jane and Jenny in the devastation caused by Patek and his co - conspirators nearly ten years ago .
Fighting with tears , she said that Patek should have been sentenced to death .
I really think he should follow in the footsteps of the other guy .
" You should put him in front of a shooting squad , " Corteen told AAP .
I have to live with every day that I will not get any more grandchildren and I will never see my daughters again .
The Sari Club was razed to the ground when , on October 12 , 2002 , a massive bomb exploded into a small truck parked in front of the nightclub shortly after 11 p.m.
Peter Hughes was in Paddy 's Bar , where only 20 seconds earlier a suicide bomber exploded a rucksack filled with explosives .
He fell into a coma for a month after the attack and " died " three times while hanging on to a life - support system .
Hughes said that Patek deserves the same fate as the three other members of the terrorist cell Jemaah Islamiah - Amrozi , Mukhlas , and Imam Samudra - who were responsible for the bloodbath and executed four years ago .
In fact , this type should have the death penalty before anyone else .
Leaving it alive - no , there is no reason to keep it alive .
Getting 20 years after he killed 202 people and injured many hundreds is not much .
Patek is the last of the Bali bombers to be tried .
He escaped almost a decade of arrest , but was eventually taken up in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad in January 2011 , where US forces killed former Al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden just four months later .
During the negotiation , an FBI agent said that intelligence reports suggested that Patek was in Pakistan to meet bin Laden to rebuild the link between Southeast Asian terrorist groups and Al Qaeda .
" He did not stand up , " said Corteen .
Until recently , he did not show any remorse for how much suffering he inflicted on other people .
The verdict came before the ten - year anniversary of the attack this year , which is being commemorated in Bali and Australia .
" There will be many tears this year , " Corteen said .
Patek can still appeal against his verdict .
FAA : Passengers can now use electronic devices in aircraft ( but do not make mobile phone calls )
Passengers can now use their electronic devices to read , work , play , and music from departure to landing , and watch movies , but can not phone , as the new guidelines issued by the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) in the United States on Thursday .
But passengers should not expect these changes to be implemented immediately .
FAA member Michael Huerta explained how quickly they would be implemented , depending on the airline concerned .
The airlines must prove to the FAA that aircraft comply with the new guidelines and that they have updated the training manuals of flight staff and the rules on equipment storage in accordance with the new rules .
The FAA has stated that it has already received plans from a number of airlines to increase the use of portable electronic equipment in aircraft .
Among these airlines were Delta and JetBlue .
" Depending on the state of the plan , we could very soon approve the extended use of electronic equipment , " the FAA announced in a statement .
At the moment , passengers must switch off smartphones , tablets and other devices when the doors are closed .
They are not allowed to take off again until the plane reaches a height of three kilometres and the captain gives the green light .
When entering the landing area , passengers must turn them off again and must not take off again until the aircraft has landed .
Under the new directives , airlines whose aircraft are secured against electronic disturbances could allow their passengers to use the equipment even on take - off , landing and roll - off , the FAA declared .
Most of the new commercial aircraft and other aircraft that have been converted to higher altitudes for the use of Wi - Fi should meet the criteria .
Laura Glading , president of the professional cabin crew , welcomed the changes .
" If the new regulation is safely implemented - and we work closely with the airline in this regard - both sides will benefit " , Glading commented .
To be honest , we are tired of having to be watchful on this issue .
Nevertheless , Internet connections to surfing , e - mails , text messages , or downloading data under three kilometres remained prohibited , explained the Authority .
Passengers are asked to move smartphones , tablets and other devices into flight mode .
So there is still no " Words With Friends , " the online game that the actor Alec Baldwin played on his smartphone in 2011 , when he had to leave a public jet of American Airlines because he refused to turn off the device while the plane was parked at the gate .
Heavier equipment , such as laptops , must also continue to be stowed up , as there is a risk of injury if they fly through the cabin .
Mobile calls during the flight will also remain prohibited .
Telephone calls are regulated by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , not the FAA .
FAA may lift the ban on certain electronic equipment on take - off and landing
Last month , Mark Rosenker of the National Transportation Safety Board said that national transport experts on CBS News said mobile phones were still considered a risk .
" Mobile phones are really a problem , not only because they could potentially cause disruption to navigation equipment , but also because we know from the FCC that airborne transmission can also disrupt transmitters , " says Rosenker .
A industry advisory committee set up by the FAA to examine this issue recommended last month that the government allow for wider use of personal electronic equipment .
In recent years , pressure has increased on the FAA to ease restrictions on use .
Critics like Missouri 's Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill argue that there are no valid safety reasons for the ban .
The restrictions are also becoming more and more difficult to impose because the use of equipment has become ubiquitous .
Some studies have said that up to a third of passengers forget or ignore the switch - off of the equipment .
The FAA began restricting the use of electronic equipment by passengers in 1966 , after reports of disruptions to navigation and communications equipment by FM radios carried by passengers were made public , which was the latest technology .
New aircraft are much more dependent on electrical systems than previous generations of aircraft , but they are also designed and approved by the FAA to mean nothing .
Airlines have been offering Wi - Fi services to passengers for several years when the airport level is reached .
The aircraft adapted to Wi - Fi systems are also more vulnerable to interference .
Huerta said that the vast majority of passenger aircraft should be suitable for the increased use of electronic equipment under the new directives .
Today 's electronic devices generally deliver much less radio radiation than they used to .
E - Readers , for example , only transmit minimal radiation when you turn over .
But when downloading or sending data , the transfer values are stronger .
Amazon.com is one of the advocates of easing restrictions on passenger use of equipment .
In 2011 , company employees loaded a passenger aircraft full of Kindle e - readers and made a test flight to identify problems , but failed to detect them .
Members of the FAA advisory committee expressed mixed feelings about the risk of using equipment .
Douglas Kidd of the National Association of Airline Passengers said he believed that the equipment disruption was real , even if the risk was minimal .
Other committee members have said that there are only a few reports from pilots calling for aircraft systems to be disrupted , most of which are very old .
However , the Committee recommended that the FAA allow pilots to order passengers to shut down the equipment during instrument landing under poor visibility .
A group from the travel industry welcomed the changes and described them as a sensible adaptation for travellers , who would now be well equipped with technology .
" We are pleased that the FAA recognizes that a pleasant passenger experience is not at odds with safety , " said Roger Dow , CEO of the U.S. Travel Association .
Released by Air Rescue Service of North Sea Bore Island
A bird flown to the coast by an air rescue service , which had been found exhausted on a North Sea drilling island , was released into nature again .
The water rally was flown to Aberdeen last month with a helicopter , where it was lapped by the Scottish animal welfare organisation SPCA in their rescue centre in Alloa .
Colin Seddon , the head of the centre , said : " This waterfall was probably a winter migratory bird from northern Europe , held back by the strong winds over the North Sea . "
Apparently , the exhausted bird sought refuge on the drilling ridge .
He added : ' He could not fly on , so we were contacted for help ' .
When she was released , the water rally was again fit and healthy .
Is Europe 's elite ready to do business with Britain ?
Business for Britain was launched in April with a view to bringing the economy together and defining what those in Britain who create wealth and work want to change in our relations with the EU .
To this end , we have commissioned the largest and most comprehensive survey of British business leaders and asked them what they think about Britain , the economy and the EU .
YouGov surveyed more than 1,000 business executives who represent roughly the UK 's corporate sizes , sectors , and regions .
The results of the survey will surprise many .
We have found that the vast majority of companies are now exporting outside Europe , focusing on countries that are modernising and growing , while the states in the EU are stagnating .
They want the government to favor new trade links with countries like China , India , and Brazil , rather than staying in the long and tiring process of reforming the arcane EU institutions .
The majority of business leaders believe that control of these key competencies should be brought back to Westminster when they see certain legal issues - from antitrust law to product legislation .
There was general dissatisfaction with the single market , because , according to companies , the costs of Brussels ' rules would now outweigh the benefits of being part of Europe 's trade zone - even 40 % of the big companies agreed to that , which have traditionally been the most pro - European .
Finally , and presumably most of all , our survey of economic leaders revealed that a clear majority wanted Britain to move towards a change in the agreement and a relationship with the EU based on trade , not politics .
This insight , found by companies of all sizes and leading corporations , shows that the economy is pushing for " meaningful change " that brings the book of action back to Britain .
Much is at stake - changing the agreement and improving conditions for the UK , at 16 % , would lead to a change of opinion in favor of remaining in the EU in a referendum .
The Prime Minister should be in no doubt : this poll shows that the British economy is behind his plan to renegotiate British terms for EU membership .
It also shows that companies expect a significant shift in power back to Britain from renegotiation .
A better deal for the British economy is possible and increasingly necessary as the eurozone moves toward a closer economic and fiscal union .
The priority must be jobs and growth in Britain , as the result of our survey shows , which for businesses means a greater focus on trade and a fundamental change in the Brussels approach to regulation .
Alexei Miller of Gazprom calls the pipeline in Bulgaria the beginning of a new gas era .
The construction of the South Stream pipeline in Bulgaria marks the start of one of Europe 's largest energy projects , the Gazprom board said .
" Today 's event is a milestone : construction work on the Bulgarian section of the South Stream gas pipeline , the largest and most important project in Europe , has begun , " said Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller in a statement on Thursday .
The project is a key element in the energy security of the entire European continent .
South Stream is supposed to increase diversity in Russia 's export routes across Europe .
A contractual dispute between Gazprom and its counterparts in Ukraine , where most of Russia 's gas for Europe is stored , increases the risk of conventional routes , as officials have said .
Miller said that the direct link with Bulgaria , a member of the European Union , means that the geopolitical risks associated with transit countries are " forever " eliminated .
Bulgarian consumers receive gas from South Stream at discounted rates when the entire project comes into operation in 2015 .
According to Gazprom , construction work in other subordinate countries is to begin on the planned route to the end of the year .
The pipeline is designed for an annual capacity of 62.3 billion cubic metres of natural gas .
For national and international investors , there is no way out of Germany 's real estate location .
The economic fundamentals are right , and the funding is excellent .
This has been the tenor of the 9th Real Estate Day of the Börsen - Zeitung .
The German real estate markets benefit from the economic strength and the economic conditions in the country that are comparatively good in Europe .
Christian Ulbrich , CEO of Europe , Middle East and Africa of Jones Lang LaSalle , pointed this out at the 9th Real Estate Day of the Stock Exchange Newspaper .
The look at the volume of transactions shows how sought - after German commercial properties are .
In the first three quarters of this year , it increased by 31 % compared with the prior - year period .
In Britain , the increase was only 6 % , in France 19 % .
" Real estate investments offer an attractive rate of interest , " Ulbrich said .
The yield gap between real estate and federal bonds is at a historically high level .
The FAA loosens restrictions on the use of electronic devices in aircraft - even if calling a mobile phone remains prohibited .
Fighter planes attack a depot of Russian missiles in the port city of Latakia , as was officially announced .
This seems to be a continuation of the Israeli campaign aimed at preventing the proliferation of weapons in the Middle East .
Federal Court of Appeal blocks a judge 's ruling that the NYPD 's controversial tactics discriminate against minorities .
Nearly 100 African immigrants who wanted to enter Algeria thirsty after two lorries stayed in the middle of the Sahara .
Experts say that the violent crime in which 14 adults and seven children died is nothing but a coincidence , not a sign of growing violence in America .
Instead of being unsettled by the US government 's default , investors focused on what probably counts more : the Federal Reserve .
The Californian woman plans to challenge the possibly first subpoena of this kind , on the grounds that the lenses connected to the Internet make navigation easier .
The police say that they have a video on which to see Mayor Rob Ford smoke a crack pipe .
Even close allies have secrets ahead - and are trying to find out what is being held back .
The Vatican wants to know how Catholic parishes around the world deal with sensitive issues such as contraception , divorce and gay couples .
Hearing before the Royal Commission : Two YMCA staff before charges against Jonathan Lord for sex offences
Two YMCA staff from New South Wales ( NSW ) had been charged with child sex offences before 2011 , as the Royal Commission on Child Sexual Abuse learned , charges against the children 's Jonathan Lord of Caringbah were levelled against him .
But , in the opening statement to the Commission , the YMCA declared that it had " never had anything to do with a sex abuse incident in the organization . "
Managing Director Phillip Hare was asked about one case in which a YMCA employee was charged with child pornography offences , and another in which a sports teacher at YMCA Caringbah Hall was convicted in 1991 for abusing children entrusted to him .
Hare said Gail Furness , a lawyer assisting the Commission , that he knew of the first case but did not know the second .
He admits that the YMCA 's opening statement to the Commission was also imprecise in the claim that " there have been external YMCA reviews in which the YMCA was recognized as at the forefront of child safety . "
Evidence before the Commission shows that the YMCA has been informed that it has received the second lowest rating of four possible in a quality audit of the Department of Education and Communities in August of the year .
Hare , who started with 21 at the YMCA , acknowledged that the management failed " from me down " in appointing Lord and did not ensure that employees were aware of their obligations to report infringements of the Child Safety Guidelines .
Lord was convicted at the beginning of the year for sexual offences against twelve boys during his two - year activity for the YMCA .
He was sentenced to at least six years in prison .
Hare , however , denied that the YMCA had a cultural problem preventing employees from reporting Lords ' infringements with regard to child safety .
The staff said they had watched offences , including that Lord was alone with children , looked after them privately as babysitters , left them sitting on his lap , said to one that he loved , and let children play with his mobile phone .
Danielle Ockwell , who was Lord Chief of Staff and had asked for a child protection training because she was concerned about his behavior , said that the child service manager , Jacqui Barnat , who was Lord Chief of Staff at the YMCA Caringbah , was " very intimidating and most of the time very remote . "
The Managing Director declared that he would not accept statements from employees that they did not dare to report to their superiors .
Instead , he said , their friendship with the Lord had diminished their judgment , which is why they had not reported him .
Hare declared that he had informed the board of the YMCA NSW that the lesson to be learned from the " Jonathan - Lord incident " concerned " not reporting by staff , and the board agreed .
Hare said that the decision to press employees to sign secrecy commitments shortly after the allegations were made had been taken by the YMCA 's Children 's Services Director , Liam Whitley .
He said that this was to prevent the contamination of the evidence , but it was ' overzealous ' and badly implemented .
The YMCA NSW was not a child - safe organization when Jonathan Lord worked there between 2009 and 2011 , Professor Stephen Smallbone of Griffith University , an expert on sexual abuse , told the Commission .
He explained that there have been " serious problems " in recruiting , reviewing , training , and supervising staff .
The hearing was postponed until 20 December .
Tony Blair said that he would seize the chance of a return as British Prime Minister - but admits that a comeback is unlikely .
In an interview tonight on the fifth anniversary of his resignation , the 59-year - old announced his views on various domestic issues .
Since resigning in June 2007 , after a decade as Head of State , Blair has largely avoided commenting on British politics , and his comments have mostly been confined to foreign policy and his role as envoy of the Quartet of Peacemakers in the Middle East .
When asked whether he would like to return to the office of Prime Minister , Blair was quoted by the Evening Standard of London as saying , ' Yes , sure , but it is unlikely that will happen , so ... '
When the horse - watching experts met in droves in Cardiff to pick the horse of the year , they knew that there was to be a tough competition .
But no one was prepared for the three - year - old Fenton Kirkland .
The Knirps , who is not even in kindergarten and made his first steps just a few months ago , and his Shetland - Pony Toffee took the three laps loosely and won the first prize - leaving 30 adult opponents behind .
The inseparable couple , both of them of the same size , were praised for their performance , behavior , and style in the annual competition held by the Sunnybank Equestrian Centre in Rudry near Cardiff .
In his performance in competition with men and women with elegant melons , he had put his cap in a cheeky corner and led the two - year - old toffee through the ring .
Fenton was praised by the jurors for his natural abilities in dealing with the pony , which were well above his age .
And toffee received best marks for his performance and personality .
Fenton had received toffee last March as a present for his third birthday and since then practiced every day with the Shetland pony .
His mother , Donna , 30 , said : ' Fenton and toffee are a great bandage ' .
They had to compete against the entire participants ' field and left the course with a Gold Cup and Rosette .
It was only the second time he had taken part in a competition with toffee , and we were all excited when he won .
Strangers in the arena thought he was so phenomenal that they wanted to be photographed with him .
The little boy from the village of Nantyglo , near Ebbw Vale , South Wales , follows in the footsteps of his aunt Sharon Howell , who has been showing horses for over ten years .
Howell said , " The whole public was like electricized , and everyone fired and applauded him . "
He ran on sand the whole length of the arena and , although he looked so tiny , he did a fantastic job .
Fenton is crazy about animals - he loves horses , tractors and farms and has two chickens to look after .
As he started , it will not be long before he is on the " Horse of the Year " show - and I am sure he will do well .
A spokesman for the annual horse show said , " Fenton is just three , but he knows how to deal with his pony . "
Together they are a great team .
The jury evaluated Fenton and Toffee according to how well they had beaten and presented themselves in the projection ring .
They are looking for good cooperation between pony and leader - and there were fenton and toffee in the ring .
I am sure that Fenton 's sweet clothing did its part , which was really perfect for the occasion .
The Chinese newspaper is to be " reformed " after its appeal .
A press regulator declared a Chinese newspaper that had called on the front page for the release of a reporter charged with defamation to be reformed .
The Guangzhou - based New Express had printed a rare public call for the release of the journalist Chen Yongzhou .
But Chen later admitted on television that he had taken bribes to falsify reports of a state - owned company .
Now the New Express is being " comprehensively rectified , " the regulatory authority declared .
The " Rectification Arrangement " was issued by the Press and Publications Authority , Radio , Film and Television in Guangdong .
Preliminary investigations showed that the Neue Express , which is part of the Yangcheng Evening News Group , had published several inaccurate reports about the publicly traded company Zoomlion between September 2012 and August 2013 .
" The editorial management of the Neue Express was disorderly , " the regulatory authority announced in a statement .
She said that they had decided " to impose an administrative penalty on Chen Yongzhou and to withdraw his reporter 's license . "
In addition , they have " instructed the Yangcheng Evening News Group to make a full rectification of the New Express and recommended that the relevant person in charge of the New Express be identified at the New Express and that the management team of the New Express be checked immediately . "
Chen had written several articles for the New Express in which he reported alleged financial irregularities at a construction machine manufacturer called Zoomlion .
After being arrested , the newspaper published two calls for his release on the front page and backed his journalistic work .
But then Chen appeared on state television and admitted that he had published false reports for pay .
" In this case , I have damaged Zoomlion as well as the entire news industry and its ability to win public confidence , " he told CCTV .
I did it primarily because I was out for money and glory .
It has become clear to me that I acted wrongly .
Following Chen 's apology , the Neue Express published an apology on the front page , declaring that it failed to check the reports correctly .
Various well - known suspects have recently made confessions on television .
Experts say that confessions are still routinely forced , despite a change in the law at the beginning of the year , in which the authorities were banned from forcing someone to accuse themselves .
Drug tunnel with its own railway between the US and Mexico discovered
One of the most sophisticated tunnels for drug smuggling between the US and Mexico , fully equipped with lighting , ventilation , and electricity , has now been discovered .
The US authorities described the tunnel as one of the most sophisticated passages they ever found .
The tunnel , which runs over six football fields in the zigzag pattern , links warehouses near Tijuana , Mexico , and San Diego , USA .
There are countless inconspicuous warehouses in the area , which makes it easier to hide lorries loaded with drugs .
The authorities said that the tunnel had been closed before drugs could be unrecognised .
The tunnel 's discovery ensured eight and a half tons of marijuana and 148 kilograms of cocaine , according to court records .
Three men who , according to the authorities , were drivers were charged with owning and selling marijuana and cocaine .
They face prison sentences of ten years and life for a sentence of guilt .
In Nogales , Arizona , smugglers rely on an extensive underground network of drainage channels .
The tunnel is the eighth large passage discovered in San Diego since 2006 .
Some of the largest tunnels were discovered after the Marijuana harvest in Central Mexico in October , which poses a challenge for drug cartels to bring their product to consumers quickly .
In 2010 , the authorities found a 640-metre rail passage that ran from a kitchen in a Tijuana residential building to two warehouses in San Diego .
Orlando Bloom and Miranda Kerr still love each other .
Actors Orlando Bloom and Model Miranda Kerr want to go separate ways in the future .
In an interview , however , Bloom said that he and Kerr still love each other .
Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom are parents of the two - year - old Flynn .
Actor Orlando Bloom has spoken out about the separation of his wife , Topmodel Miranda Kerr .
In an interview with US journalist Katie Couric , who was to be broadcast on Friday ( local time ) , Bloom said , " life sometimes does not go exactly as we plan or hope . "
Kerr and himself still loved each other , stressed the 36-year - old .
" We will support each other and love each other as parents of Flynn " .
Kerr and Bloom have been married since 2010 , in 2011 their son Flynn was born .
Veganism , according to the encyclopedia , is subject to vegetarianism , but it is very different from veganism .
Because while vegetarians allow themselves to eat cream cake , ice cream or a strong Edam , these delights are not on a vegan 's menu .
Milk , cheese , egg , in addition to giving up meat and fish , the vegan leaves all the animal products consumed - even honey is denied .
What remains , one might ask , but on closer inspection the vegan food world is characterized by considerable ingenuity .
" Bread spreads are very popular , " explains Ute Henkelmann , the owner of the local reform house , who offers a variety of special products for vegans .
Reuben Proctor also likes to visit the shop in Domgasse .
For 13 years he has lived in New Zealander vegan , in Lampertheim he finds ( almost ) everything he needs to live . " In 1997 I switched my diet and became a vegetarian . "
At the turn of the century the next step took place and I became a vegan .
" The conviction came not only because of the diet , but also because of the choice of shoes , " says Proctor , who prefers artificial leather .
He realised that other everyday matters are also without animal products .
First of all , vegan is to be an ethic .
" I do n't want animals to die for me , " Proctor says , " vegans are the maxim " , which covers all consumer behavior .
Instead of mourning burgers , scrambled eggs or rubber bears , the vegan quickly discovered new products , and enthusiasm grew .
" It 's a double bonus , " Proctor says today , " in fact , vegan does not represent an abdication , not an asceticism , but rather an enrichment . " The assumption that the nutritional changeover reduces the choice of food options is more likely to bring Proctor back to the power of habit .
And it is precisely these conditions that have caused many attempts , however well - intentioned , to fail .
" The addiction factor is a very important factor , which allows many to give up quickly , as in smoking , " Proctor makes a comparison .
And says : ' Certain tastes must not be fixed on animals ' .
Often it is the spices or the type of preparation that make up the taste .
" You can also create the same effect in other ways , " explains the vegan .
Proctor brings eggplants , mushrooms and a few vegan sausages to a barbecue .
He is looking for a balanced and varied diet in which it should also taste delicious .
Of course , you want to have something between the teeth , that is legitimate .
" It is supposed to taste , but this is not just to reduce to animal food , " says Proctor .
He did not suffer any damage to health , right up to eating disorders , another widespread assumption .
For me , the changeover had a positive aspect .
I do not take any foreign cholesterol and have an increased percentage of vitamins .
There are high - performance athletes who only feed vegan .
" My blood values are good , I check often , " says Proctor .
In particular , many vegan critics warn of the lack of vitamin B12 .
" Since animals are fed with feed rather than grassed in the pasture , it is questionable whether the amount of vitamin B12 is high in the meat that you buy in the cold chest " , Proctor says .
Vegans can also take the coenzyme in the form of tablets .
" My B12 values are fine , " he explains .
There is no need for Proctor to go far down the road to food supply .
After all , there are staple foods everywhere and every supermarket now has soy milk and other products .
I find everything I need on the spot .
Just from time to time I buy something special .
" Many people are overlooking the fact that only the finished products are expensive , but that is what happens with " ordinary " finished products . "
In any case , the preparation of vegan dishes is much cheaper and less time - consuming than is commonly assumed .
" There is a lot to discover in the house kitchen , with a few small tricks you can achieve good , if not partially better results , " says Proctor .
Margarine instead of butter , a little more baking powder and carbon dioxide instead of egg , with his vegan cheese cake , Proctor was also able to astonish his parents - in - law .
Family festivities give the vegan a new spice .
There is a new dynamism to cook together .
" The situations that may arise are as different as the people themselves , " says Proctor .
Of course , he has already been skeptical .
Do you not like my food any more ?
" Should I feel bad now because I drink milk ? " - on such issues , one must act as a vegan with sensitivity .
" I do n't reject people , I 'm part of this society , " Proctor does n't want to be enclaved .
And in more detail , the everyday world does not seem as vegan as suspected - and the vegan is not as restricted in everyday life as it is commonly assumed .
Fast food is also allowed .
There are fries everywhere !
" Many Döner shops offer Falafel , or a vegetarian yufka , " Proctor says .
In a pizzeria he evades pasta dishes or orders a pizza without cheese , all a matter of habit .
The restaurants are getting ready for it so slowly .
" When I started to feed vegan 13 years ago , it was much more difficult " , New Zealander can find a development : " You have to talk to people and make them aware of it " .
" If there are enough requests , they may be inclined to add to the menu , " he hopes .
Vegan restaurants are developing , such as the Mannheim company or the Vogelfrei café .
Proctor wants other restaurants to have at least one vegan dish on the menu .
Basically , vegan dishes are there for everyone .
Everyone can eat them , so they are exactly the opposite of exclusive .
" Meat dishes are exclusive , in the truest sense of the word , because they exclude others , " Proctor notes .
" If you want to avoid food scandals , veganism is a sure way to make the very largest part impossible in the first place , " says Proctor .
But buying vegan products could be a bit difficult at the beginning .
Especially if one learns to understand that peanuts can contain animal additives as colors , adhering to ethics quickly seems to leave the courage on so many hurdles and traps .
This is not the only reason why Reuben Proctor and Lars Thomsen wrote a book : " Veganissimo - Animal Ingredients and their alternatives " explains the many ingredients that are used for food , but also detergents .
" Little by little , one develops a scanner view and knows which signs and logos one has to look at , " Proctor knows .
Veganism , it is an important moral finger pointing at consciousness .
He may not quite manage to leave his habits , but at least he can teach the consumer to question his habits critically .
The stock exchange operator Nasdaq OMX keeps its customers alive .
Trading on the Nasdaq Options Market was interrupted on Friday afternoon of German time .
In a communication , the operator blamed technical problems .
The other eleven US option markets , including two of the Nasdaq OMX , continued their business unhindered .
The most recent incident continues with a whole series of smaller and larger breakdowns at the stock exchange operator .
Only on Tuesday , the Nasdaq indices had not been calculated for an hour due to errors in data transport .
In August this year , there had been two breakdowns in one week alone .
At first , the US investment bank Goldman Sachs sent enormously flawed purchase orders to option markets due to technical problems .
It took the stock exchange operators almost a day to see through and cancel the orders .
Two days later , half of all US equity trading came to a standstill for several hours due to a computer mass at the Nasdaq stock exchange .
Last year 's Facebook listing also caused a stir .
The Nasdaq systems were unable to cope with the flood of purchase and sale orders , later established the Securities and Exchange Commission and thwarted the company to a record fine of $ 10 million .
Konstanz : Cyclists ride 63-year - olds around
The accident occurred , according to the police , when a 26-year - old man on Thursday evening at about 10 p.m. , was directly on a women 's bike on the left hand side of the station square in the direction of the market place .
When a 63-year - old man suddenly stepped on his way from a restaurant , the police said he could no longer put the brakes on in time .
In the ensuing collision , the pedestrian was pressed against the house wall , went down in the following course and pulled up a space wound about 15 centimeters long at the head .
A rescue team brought the injured to the clinic for medical treatment .
British police are issuing an extradition notice to Assange
The British police have today handed over an extradition to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who has sought refuge and asylum in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London .
Scotland Yard declared that the 40-year - old Australian had been sent a " call to stand " to appear in a police station , and added that if he failed to do so , he would be threatened with arrest .
Assange is threatening extradition to Sweden for charges in a sex offence after his options have been exhausted under British law , since the Supreme Court earlier this month rejected his appeal against extradition .
Fearing that Stockholm would extradite him to the United States , he sought refuge in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London on 19 June and asked the South American country for political asylum .
Scotland Yard has " issued a request to a 40-year - old man to come to a police station at a time chosen by us , " said one speaker .
He continues to violate the terms of his release on bail .
The message did not comment on the delivery of the police call .
Assange fears that he will be extradited from Sweden to the United States and charged there for possible espionage charges after publishing more than 250,000 diplomatic messages on the WikiLeaks revelation website .
Driver who has been stuck with 210 km / h and a hot drink between the legs receives a £ 1,000 penalty .
A car driver was fined £ 1,000 for driving up to 210 km / h and a hot drink between his legs .
Andrew Howie , 35 , from Tiptree , Essex , was stopped on May 27 with his Mercedes Benz at A120 at Braintree .
After the police stopped him , they discovered the beverage cup between his legs .
Before the District Court of Colchester , Howie declared himself guilty , without having driven the necessary care and attention .
He received seven points and a six - month driving ban .
Howie was also sentenced to pay £ 90 and a £ 100 victim surcharge .
Taxes on foreign real estate owners against London 's speculative bubble
The Treasury has provisionally calculated the CGT , but is awaiting the final decision of Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne , who in 2012 imposed a 7 % stamping tax on housing that costs more than £ 2 million , and annual fees for buyers who hold firms and not individuals .
Already , revenue from the stamp tax on housing in Westminster and Kensington & Chelsea districts , which stood at £ 708 million in 2012 - 13 , exceeds the combined revenues for Northern Ireland , Wales , Scotland , the North - East , North - West , Yorkshire , and the Humber region .
Cook said : " After the increases in stamp taxes on high - price housing and the introduction of anti - evasion legislation , it is difficult to claim that high - quality properties are under - taxed , regardless of the impact of the outdated community - tax system . "
" But this move could make some foreign investors more reluctant to buy real estate in London , or to prevent owners from selling , " he added .
First - class real estate - the top five to ten per cent of the price housing market - in London 's affluent South West Belt , from Fulham to Wimbledon , has risen by a record 11.8 % last year .
Prices in Central London had a steady annual growth of 5.6 % , but were overshadowed by an emerging " domestic market " in which the south - western part of the city , the north ( 7.4 % ) , and the east ( 6.5 % ) experienced an upward trend , according to Savills .
Scientists could shed more light on the connection between a dog 's tails and his mood .
Previous research had shown that happy dogs with the tail waved more to the right ( from the dog 's point of view ) , while in nervous dogs it was the left side .
But now scientists are saying that other dogs can perceive and respond to these subtle differences .
Professor Georgio Vallortigara , a University of Trento neuroscientist , said : " People know well that the left and right brains respond differently to stimuli that generate positive or negative emotions . "
Here we have tried to look at this in other species .
He also noted that in dogs , just like in humans , the right brain is responsible for the movement of the left , and vice versa , and that the two hemispheres played different roles in emotions .
In order to learn more about how dogs react to the lateral tailwalking of their species , the researchers watched the animals while watching the films of other dogs .
They measured the heart rate of the four - legged and analyzed the behavior .
Soon we will probably understand why the cock is moving in one direction and in the other direction .
Professor Vallortigara said : " We have shown the dogs movies with dogs - either a true to nature version or a silhouette to eliminate distractive aspects , and we have managed the movement of the tail more left or right . "
When the animals saw an otherwise expressive dog moving the tail to the right ( seen from the perspective of the wagging dog ) , they remained completely relaxed .
If the inclination to the tail was mainly to the left ( again from the perspective of the dog wagging ) , their heart rate rose and they looked uneasy .
According to Professor Vallortigara , the dogs do not intentionally communicate with each other through these movements .
Instead , he is convinced that the dogs have learned from experience which movements they should worry about and when they should not .
He said : ' If you have different encounters with other dogs and the waving with the tail in one direction is more linked to friendly behavior and the right side produces less friendly behavior , you react on the basis of these experiences . '
Researchers say that the findings could help dog owners , veterinarians , and trainers understand their animal 's emotions better .
John Bradshaw , an expert on dog behavior and guest scholarship at the Faculty of Animal Medicine at the University of Bristol , said that this was not the first study to examine whether left and right was important for dogs .
Last year , a team at the University of Lincoln found that dogs turn their heads to the left when they see an aggressive dog , and to the right when it is a happy dog .
In another research at the University of Victoria in Canada , it was as follows : " Dogs are more likely to get a robot dog when his tail is left wagging , not right , rather than getting restless - exactly the other way around than in the Italian study . "
According to him , the differences could arise because in the various studies the dogs did not interpret the animals in the films or the robotic dogs as dogs .
A study of how dogs react to real dogs could help , he explained .
" While there is considerable evidence for many different mammals that the two brain halves are used for different purposes , many of the details have yet to be determined - and dogs are no exception , " Bradshaw said .
But since their behavior can be recorded simply , it will probably not be long before we understand why the cock sometimes moves in one direction , sometimes in the other .
Arctic Monkeys moved to Glasgow due to Alex Turner 's illness
The rock band Arctic Monkeys moved to Glasgow after their lead singer was ill with larynx .
The band from Sheffield was supposed to play in the water on Friday .
However , due to the illness of the lead singer Alex Turner , the concert must now be moved .
The announcement of the band came after they had to postpone a performance in LG Arena in Birmingham on Thursday .
In a statement on their official website , the Arctic Monkeys said : ' After the decision to cancel the show at the LG Arena in Birmingham tonight , and at a medical council , Arctic Monkeys must also cancel the show at the Hydro in Glasgow on Friday 1 November . '
' Alex Turner has been diagnosed with larynx , which is why he can not occur ' .
The show at LG Arena in Birmingham will now take place on November 20 , which was moved to the Hydro in Glasgow on November 21 .
All tickets are valid for these shows .
We apologize to all ticket holders for the inconvenience caused by this .
Please contact Customer Support at the points of sale where you bought your ticket if you need further assistance .
Pope Francis appoints first cardinals in February
Pope Francis will appoint new cardinals of the Catholic Church for the first time on 22 February , as the Vatican announced on Thursday .
Cardinals are the most senior clerics in the Catholic Church after the Pope , and they are also the ones who elect a Pope , so that Francis will appoint the first group of men who will ultimately participate in the election of his successor .
There are currently 201 cardinals .
However , a cardinal who has reached the age of 80 can no longer take part in the Pope 's election - a group of 120 " eligible cardinals . "
In a statement announcing the news , Father Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , said that there would be a meeting of all the cardinals before the ceremony to appoint the new cardinals , also known as the consortium , was held .
" Pope Francis has decided to announce in advance his decision to convene the Consistium in February so that other meetings that require the participation of cardinals from all over the world can be planned , " Lombardi said .
Jack Valero of Catholic Voices said that the number of eligible cardinals is likely to fall by February .
He said that a Pope usually appoints as many cardinals as necessary to restore the number of cardinals to 120 , and as many cardinals as he likes .
The consisterium next year is important because it is the first since Francis was elected in March this year , Valero says .
There is now a certain overhang on the part of Europe and , in particular , of Italy .
" It will be interesting to see if the new Pope will appoint cardinals from the rest of the world to restore balance , " he said .
Forty per cent of Catholics live in South America , but they have only a tiny number of cardinals .
The cardinals will also be the first to be called since the formation of the Francis - founded Council of Cardinals , a group of eight cardinals from all over the world who have the task of finding ways to reform the Church .
In the past , the Pope decided everything on its own .
" Now Francis has chosen these eight cardinals to help him , " said Valero .
He said that it is " possible " that Francis asked the cardinals for advice .
But we have not been able to do so - that is all new .
Valero said that the bishops typically call cardinals from large places , but Francis was " full of surprises - so we do not know whom he appoints . "
GM calls for new pickup trucks in the US to repair the seat backrest .
General Motors recalls almost 19,000 of its brand - new Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra - Pickup trucks built in 2014 to address a problem with the manually adjustable seat backrest , according to Friday 's US Automobile Safety Regulator .
For some of the cars there may be a defect in the front seat reset mechanism .
This is why they do not comply with the federal vehicle safety guidelines for head restraints .
" If the vehicle is launched from behind , it is possible that the head restraint does not properly protect the occupants so that there is an increased risk of injury , " said the news on the website of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) .
The recalled models were produced between 1 August and 10 September .
GM truck delivery began in June and is the most important model start of the leading US car manufacturer since the insolvency - related restructuring in 2009 .
GM informed vehicle owners of the defect in the first half of October .
Due to the 16-day government shutdown , the NHTSA was unable to check the notification letter , which had a negative impact on car sales in October .
The sale of the Silverado and Sierra trucks , newly designed for the 2014 model year , rose by 20 % in the first ten months of the year , said GM on Friday .
In October GM sold 42,660 Silverado and 16,503 Sierra Pickup trucks .
GM shares rose 1.4 percent to $ 37.47 per Friday afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange .
Cries of Despair by an Obama voter
I have twice elected President Obama in the hope that change is possible
He says that Obama has made laudable efforts that have been thwarted by Republican blockade tactics .
The blockade policy did not excuse the web site problems of Obamacare , the drone attacks
Obama 's memoirs of the 2008 election campaign are a sad reminder of what could have happened .
Nathaniel P. Morris is a second - year student at Harvard Medical School .
I am now reading a terribly sad book .
It is a book that I thought would brighten me up during the murky second year of my medical studies and give me hope again .
It is called " The Audacity to Win " ( courage to win ) and describes Barack Obama 's memoirs for the 2008 presidential election .
When I finish my patient records and go to bed in the evening , the book takes me back to a time when politics inspired millions and could take my breath from speeches .
The election became a landslide victory , and news spokesmen stopped to demonstrate the historic importance of this hour .
My classmates cried with joy and my parents collected all the newspapers they could find .
A young team of visionaries was on the way to the White House , and the nation was ready for change .
When Obama took office in 2008 , he had 82 % approval ratings .
And then I close the book .
Switching back to the present is an evil awakening as if one were taken out of a dream .
It is hard to remember these optimistic times - they seem to be a vague memory , a sad reminder of missed opportunities .
In fact , in the years since I first cast my vote , something has changed .
But it is simply not something I could have imagined .
I recognise the great and diverse things that Obama has achieved , from the adoption of the Affordable Care Act for Health Insurance to the military withdrawal from Iraq , the end of the forced concealment of homosexuality in the army , and the killing of Osama bin Laden .
I agree that party - political blockade tactics have overturned too much of the effort to move our nation forward : immigration reform , a public health option , and the closure of Guantanamo Bay , to name but a few .
But , having defended the Obama administration to colleagues and acquaintances on countless occasions , I have come to the end of my attempts to explain .
I have reached a point of political despair .
The Republican blockade policy can not explain why foreign leaders are allowed to be intercepted , or why innocent children are killed by drones overseas .
It can not explain why the National Security Agency collects data on Americans ' private lives , and why whistleblowers are punished for exposing state misconduct .
It can not explain why Anwar al - Awlaki , an American citizen , was murdered without trial , nor why public funding and expenditure limits were evaded during the presidential elections .
It does not justify the results of a report which says that the efforts of the White House to calm the media are the ' most aggressive ... since the Nixon government ' .
And most recently , it can not excuse the inability to create a simple website in the more than three years since the adoption of the Affordable Care Act .
I do not know if that is what I should have expected .
Whether I should have understood at the age of 18 that government work could go against the political campaigns that preceded it .
Obviously , the parliamentary office is not a predictable course , as an opposition party and accidental events such as the Newtown massacre shape public debate .
But when I look at the above - mentioned examples , they seem largely elected by the government itself .
And that bothers me most .
I re - elected Obama in 2012 , not because I was enthusiastic about his candidacy .
Mitt Romney was a confusing and unbalanced alternative ; he seemed unable to define his direction and positions .
I had the impression that a second term for Obama , free from the pressure of future elections , would fulfill the hope we have heard of for so long .
But , with approval ratings for Obama falling below 45 % this week , this book 's return to 2008 has become all the harder .
It awakens in me the longing for the many promises that have disappeared .
This week , I read a section in the book describing how Obama had to make a serious loss to Clinton in Pennsylvania 's primary .
In a meeting with the election aid workers after the decision , he told his staff that they had to get back on track and follow their cause .
" I want us to find our magic again , " he said .
We must remember who we are .
It is five years later , Mr President , and I could not agree more with you .
The views expressed in this commentary are exclusively those of Nathaniel Morris .
Clive Palmer claims that Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest in parental leave
Clive Palmer , a billionaire , says that Prime Minister Tony Abbott is in a conflict of interest in his parental leave plans because his daughters are pregnant and can benefit from them .
The mining agent , who is engaged in a legal dispute over the $ 6 million government carbon tax , made the claim when he wanted to dispel questions as to whether he was in conflict .
The Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate that are important for deciding whether to cut or cut CO2 and mining taxes .
But Palmer claimed that only ministers could have conflicts of interest , and that Abbott 's daughters would personally benefit from the law .
" He is in a great conflict of interest when it comes to paid parental leave , because when one of his daughters becomes pregnant , he has a direct interest in whether or not she is on holiday , " said Palmer .
Two months after the election , Palmer 's Electoral Commission officially declared the winner of Fairfax 's Sunshine Coast seat by 53 votes , following the recount .
Palmer called for a revision of the voting counting process to speed up the process .
Tony Abbott 's daughters Frances and Bridget .
Should these elections be decided two months after the end of the vote ?
" We need a better system , " he said .
Why should we not have a system in which you march in , enter the data into a computer , dial immediately , and then get the result at 6.30 a.m. ?
Palmer also criticized the use of pencils to mark ballots .
Is it used because you can wipe out the results if you do n't like them ?
It is incredible to vote with pencils today .
The Electoral Commission has examined the options for electoral elections and recently published a joint legislative proposal with New Zealand .
Palmer , 59 , said that his policies include an international airport for the Sunshine Coast , and that he will take his new office " very seriously . "
A public office is about the public service .
" We are not seeking any reward other than that of history , namely that we can serve this community at a critical time , " he said .
RBS suspends two Forex Traders
The Royal Bank of Scotland has suspended two traders from its Forex Department , two of whom are familiar with the situation , and this is yet another indication that the worldwide official investigation into the alleged manipulation of the currency market is rapidly on its way .
Some of the world 's largest banks , including UBS , Barclays , Deutsche Bank , and RBS , confirmed that they are working with the authorities to investigate the world 's largest financial market , where $ 5.3 billion changes ownership every day .
The two traders would be the first RBS workers to be suspended in the widening investigation into the Libor inter - banking scandal .
The bank , which did not comment on the suspensions , confirmed this month that it had received requests for information from the authorities .
" Our investigation on this issue is continuing and we are cooperating fully with the FCA and other regulators , " the bank said two weeks ago .
Last month , people close to the situation indicated that RBS had forwarded the e - mail and instant messages sent from and to a previous trader to the UK Financial Conduct Authority .
This trader , Richard Usher , had left RBS in 2010 and is said to have been left by now from his current position as European Forex Spot Manager at JPMorgan .
Rohan Ramchandani , head of European spot trading at Citi , was left on holiday this week and Matt Gardiner , former senior currency trader at Barclays and UBS , was suspended this week at Standard Chartered .
None of these traders has been accused of any misconduct .
Usher 's Instant Message Group included bankers at Barclays and Citigroup , people close to the situation said .
UBS announced this week that it had taken steps against some of its employees after the Swiss regulatory authority , Finma , declared that it was investigating alleged manipulation of the foreign exchange market by a number of Swiss banks .
At least six world authorities - the European Commission , Finma , the Swiss competition authority Weko , the FCA , the US Ministry of Justice , and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority - are currently discussing allegations that bankers have agreed on transactions in the currency market .
HSBC , Citigroup , JPMorgan and Credit Suisse have also launched internal investigations or received information requests from public authorities , saying people familiar with the situation .
Banks are coming through instant messages and emails from several years in search of cases of wrongdoing .
The news of these investigations has turned traders into turmoil in an area that has been one of the most profitable of investment bank trading units in recent years , but has come under pressure this year because low currency volatility reduces speculators ' chances .
Some bankers have tried to downplay the affair , saying that it is almost impossible to manipulate the vast and highly liquid Forex market , but leading traders believe that this is not necessarily true .
A leading trader noted that , despite the huge daily volume of foreign exchange trading , the fragmentation of liquidity between the various trading platforms and the growing use of banks ' own internal platforms means that " you can influence the market with very low ticket prices . "
The news came out the same day when Credit Suisse announced that it had resigned this week to a trader in its London Exchange Traded Funds office after causing a loss of almost $ 6 million at the end of last year .
The bank promptly informed the competent authorities and cooperates with them .
" We are sure that the trader has acted alone and that the matter is contained , " Credit Suisse said .
The Fence on the Bechtle plot
A group of citizens ' initiative " Schweizer Wiese " has embellished the fence on the Bechtle plot on the spa promenade in Bad Herrenalb .
In addition , she cleaned and widened the footpath , according to a press release .
The planned covering of the decaying house in the rear of the plot was not allowed for safety reasons , because the site is in danger of slipping .
Alfred Abel , who currently manages the plot , had agreed with his colleague Reinhard Domke that the BI would be the place to be .
Prior to the BI action , a transparent message ' We are in favour ' was put in place .
This , however , does little to disturb the 20 or so members of the citizens ' initiative .
Her motto on the big poster was " We are against ruins " .
In doing so , she wanted to point out the danger of even greater ruins on the Swiss meadow - should the giant project fail one day .
In conversation with many passers - by in front of the " construction site " , it became clear that some citizens believe that many will be better off with the realization of the city project , even though not a few have the same questions about the dimension of the project presented as the BI .
But they are starting to resign because the city is further delaying these responses , the BI says .
As we have heard , the mayor 's public statements also have an impact .
In May , at the municipal council meeting , he said that he feared that the thermal bath would end if the public voted against the plans for a swimming and wellness complex on the Swiss meadow .
Some seem frightened , others see it as a " crude blackmail " on the population , according to the BI press release .
The BI thanked the donors for the color and all the helpers .
Rannick - Scoring for Shiris : Mane No Swallow King
Although Ralf Rangnick is satisfied with the current high form of Bundesliga table leader Red Bull Salzburg , the sports director of the " bulls " was disappointed by the referees .
" There is currently a dangerous tendency for Mane and Alan to be pushed into the category of swallow kings , " he defended the two offensive whistles at a press conference in Salzburg on Thursday .
The latest occasion for Rangnick 's criticism was yellow for Mane at last Sunday 's 3:0 versus Grödig , where the Senegalese were killed by an alleged acting - but none , as TV pictures showed .
" A blatant misjudgement , " Rangnick said , " referee Harkam was " completely overstretched . "
Harkam would also have contributed " his part " to the escalation between Salzburg coach Roger Schmidt and Grödig trainer Adi Hüter after the match .
He defended his German compatriot firmly : ' I would have behaved in the same way as Roger Schmidt in every single situation . '
Schmidt himself wants to have no contact with his colleague after the skirmish with the hutter .
I do not know why .
" I am the one who was offended , " stressed the 46-year - old .
In the face of success , however , Rangnick sounded like an anthem of praise .
" There are only two words for this : " Well done , " he said .
There is not much to lose .
Above all , the way the team plays is impressive .
Let this continue .
There wo n't be any changes in the winter transfer time .
There are no great reasons to change anything .
" Except for a player , he wants to leave the club , " Rangnick made it clear .
Supreme Court confirms Obama 's Health Law
It is a great victory for the Obama administration : the US Supreme Court today ruled that the health law closely linked to Barack Obama is constitutional .
By five votes to four , the judges ruled that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act 's individual mandate - forcing US citizens to take out health insurance or pay a penalty by 2014 - was constitutional under the state 's tax authority .
The Supreme Judge John Roberts sided with the four more liberal members of the Chamber , while the judges Scalia , Thomas , Alito , and Kennedy opposed it .
The court also endorsed the remaining sections of the 2700-page law , and also believed that the health law 's provision that states would either have to extend the conditions for access to Medicaid or eliminate all government medicaid subsidies was not unconstitutional .
The lawsuit had been brought by 26 states and the National Federation of Independent Business .
The law had been firmly rejected by all the leading Republican presidential candidates , including the final challenger , Mitt Romney , in the 2012 pre - election campaign .
Norway : The Norwegian place is lighting up with giant mirrors .
With huge mirrors , the inhabitants of a Norwegian village brought light to their dark valley .
Due to the low level of sunshine , the Rjukan in the Vestfjord valley usually sinks from autumn to spring in the shade of the surrounding mountains .
With three gigantic reflectors at a height of 45 metres , Wednesday saw the light of day .
" At last ! " , mayor Steinar Bergsland swarmed at the start ceremony on TV2 .
Some of the valley dwellers moved to sunbathing , and others used sunglasses for safety reasons .
Until now , sun - hungry people had to ride a cable car to a nearby summit in winter .
Ten years ago , the local artist Martin Andersen presented a proposal to channel the rays into the valley with mirrors .
This basic idea has existed in the village since 1913 .
After several years of debate , the City Council finally adopted the 5 million kronor ( around 615 000 euros ) expensive project .
A similar construction has given winter sunshine to the Italian Alpine town of Viganella for several years .
Post is scarcely empty on Sundays .
" Many citizens will not have noticed it yet , the red spots for Sunday emptying are still at various post boxes in the center of the city and the districts , but if you read the small print at the yellow containers of the Post AG , you quickly find out that the emptying takes place on Sundays and holidays , " says the FDP .
A request from the FDP has confirmed this .
On Sundays and public holidays , only outside the post office building at Ernst - Ludwig - Straße 36 and Jakob - Müller - Straße 1 in Hüttenfeld will be emptied .
Whether it will be emptied on Sunday in Hofheim and Rosengarten will not be answered in response to the FDP 's request .
The social and youth policy spokesman of the German Free Democratic Party , Fritz Röhrenbeck , wants to follow up here .
Sunday emptying is an important postal service especially at appointment post .
" Despite the January 2013 price increase for letters , this company is radically and unreasonably thinning this out " .
Thomas Bittner , the leader of the Liberal Group and the chairman of the town council , supports his group colleagues : ' What annoys me is the fact that empty times are being changed or even deleted in secret ' .
The post office is miles away from being close to the people .
" At least the post boxes in the Neuschloß and Rosengarten districts must be emptied again on Sundays " , says Bittner and Röhrenbeck unisono .
A letter box with Sunday emptying should also be able to be reached on foot , especially not mobile citizens .
Röhrenbeck asked in the City Council whether the City Council is planning to hold talks with the post office on this matter .
Mayor Erich Maier replied that the post did not communicate with Lampertheim .
But to his knowledge there is also a Sunday emptying in Hofheim .
Your party was in favour of privatisation .
" Then decisions are taken elsewhere , " said Maier .
Frankfurt 's parking fees are to rise sharply .
Parking in Frankfurt could soon become more expensive .
This morning , the city 's magistrate discusses a submission by traffic deputy Stefan Majer ( Green ) .
This means that parking charges are to be increased by 50 % .
However , the aim is not to increase prices but to reduce the time interval of parking clocks and parking ticket machines from 30 to 20 minutes .
In December , the municipal council will have to decide .
The Retail Committee of the Frankfurt Chamber of Commerce considers this " not a good idea " .
The hotel was very clean and the staff were very helpful .
The German Transport Club believes that an increase after two decades is " quite reasonable and in fact long overdue " .
Public transport will also be more expensive .
City of Joy : Rapid Actions Surprise Hosts
With a narrow cadre , the gentlemen I of the TSV Freudenstadt had to compete against the TG Gönningen of the Swabian Alb in the Schiller - Schulturnhalle in Reutlingen .
The Älbler stood with an experienced team on the other side of the net .
Soon , however , it became apparent that they , also due to their age , were unable to keep up with the rapid actions of Freudenstadt .
The Gönningers were extremely difficult with the hard and placed springs .
On several occasions they missed the passports and attacks that Simon Schenk and Eduard Schulz had left cleanly over the center of the net and were not there for the block defence .
Two high first set winnings clearly expressed the superiority of Freudenstadt in all matters .
In the face of this crushing and game - determining achievement , the third set was won somewhat lax and sluggish to the 3:0 end ( 25:13 , 25:14 , 25:22 ) .
On November 2 , the TV Baiersbronn , which was clearly able to prevail in Nagold , will be a much more powerful opponent in the field .
TSV Freudenstadt I : Dominik Bäuerle , Yannik Büchle , Sebastian Dölker , Felix Pälchen , Stefan Räller , Simon Schenk and Eduard Schulz .
In the B - class , the second teams from Baiersbronn and Freudenstadt faced each other in the Murgtalhalle in Baiersbronn .
They delivered a hard - fought two - hour match .
Nervousness on both sides caused errors and points gifts , especially during the ball taking ; even in the case of passports , precision was sometimes scarce and in some critical game scenes over - zeal prevented the view for possible points .
In this very well - balanced encounter , however , Marcus Blasutto 's TSV team consistently met with great physical commitment and a pleasant commitment on the part of both teams .
Care day at the small English hut .
In the meantime , a group of committed participants met at the small English hut in Ibach for the fifth day of the nursing day in the wake of the Natura 2000 project of Upper Hottenwald .
Due to popular suggestions , the view of the valley in the hut area should be opened this day , said Mayor Helmut Kaiser .
Many hikers described this area , according to the emperors , as the glamour of the canyon steep , where the landscape offers the ideal setting for wonderful views .
He thanked those present for their willingness to cooperate and stressed that the day of care is an appropriate tool to strengthen the connection between man and nature .
It offers every citizen the opportunity to set the tone in nature .
At the same time as tourism , ecological considerations can also be taken into account .
This ecological aspect was explained by Friederike Tribukait of the Department of Nature Conservation of the Government of Fribourg following the greeting by Landrat Tilman Bollacher , who had taken over the patronage and wished the action a successful outcome .
According to Tribukait , the tourist destination of far - sightedness coincides with the goal of preserving the now rapidly growing old commonwealth with its specific protected habitat types by opening and connecting to the still existing pastures .
Certain species , such as rare butterflies and grasshoppers , can not overcome barriers in the form of forest areas .
They need these free connections to preserve species .
Tribukait said she would not miss this opportunity to break up a lance for the planned biosphere area .
The current measure does not fit seamlessly into this planning .
A Biosphere Area also offers the opportunity for sustainable economic and ecological development based on the internationally recognised Unesco status and thus a continuous supplement to the achievements achieved with the Life project and the previous care days for the future .
After these various explanations , the head of the territory , Christoph Wehle , and life project manager , Cornelia Bischoff , shared the helpers in groups .
The larger trees had already been cut in advance , the forestry tractor may be ready for call .
A group of helpers should take care of the exemption of juniper bushes and the maintenance of a dry stone bar .
The aim was to have a free view at the viewing point .
Löpfingen : Still the only candidate .
Information on the Internet : Although the Baarstadt Löffingen with its 7514 inhabitants , an intact infrastructure , a forward - looking school , children 's , youth and seniors policy , as well as its own city works , can be described as an attractive city , no second mayor has yet registered .
The only candidate to succeed the mayor , Norbert Brugger , who is no longer standing for age , is the 46-year - old banker and business manager Dieter Köpfler from Löffingen .
The application deadline expires on Monday , November 11 , at 6 p.m.
Google , Samsung , Huawei sued for Nortel patents
On Thursday , the group that owns thousands of former Nortel patents brought an avalanche of patent infringement lawsuits against mobile phone manufacturers , including Google , the company that he outbid in the bankruptcy auction of Nortel .
Rockstar , the consortium that bought the Nortel patents for $ 4.5 billion , sued Samsung Electronics Co Ltd , HTC Corp , Huawei and four other companies for patent infringements before the US District Court in Texas .
Rockstar is owned by Apple , Microsoft , BlackBerry , Ericsson and Sony .
Google is accused of patent infringement in seven cases .
The patents relate to technology that matches search terms on the Internet with relevant advertising , such as the complaint that it hits the heart of Google 's search engine business .
Representatives of Samsung , Huawei , HTC and Rockstar were not immediately available .
Samsung , Huawei and HTC make cell phones that work with Google 's Android operating system , in sharp competition with Apple and Microsoft 's mobile products .
In 2011 , Google issued an initial $ 900 million bid for Nortel patents .
Google increased its offer several times and last offered $ 4.4 billion .
After Rockstar 's outbidding of Nortel 's patents , Google acquired Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion , a business that was partly motivated by Motorola 's library of patents .
" Although Google failed in its attempt to acquire the lawsuits at the auction , Google has violated and continues to violate the patents , " the litigation says .
Rockstar calls for a high level of compensation from Google because it claims that Google 's patent infringement is intentional , so the accusation .
Egypt Sworn the First Freely Elected Presidents
Mohammed Morsi is sworn in , but his day of triumph should not mark the end of the political disputes in Egypt .
The Islamist Mohamed Morsi promised a " new Egypt " when he was sworn in as the country 's first freely elected president , succeeding Hosni Mubarak , who had been driven out of office 16 months earlier .
With his inauguration before the Supreme Constitutional Court , Morsi became the first freely elected Islamist president of the Arab world and Egypt 's fifth leader since the overthrow of the monarchy some 60 years ago .
He took the oath before the 18 black - robe judges of the court , which is based on the Nile and is inspired by an ancient Egyptian temple .
" We are striving for a better future , a new Egypt and a second republic , " Morsi said at the solemn ceremony broadcast live on state television .
" Today , the people of Egypt have laid the foundations for a new life - absolute freedom , true democracy , and stability , " said 60-year - old Morsi , a US - trained engineer and member of the Muslim Brotherhood , a fundamentalist group that has been heavily targeted by the government since its creation 84 years ago , mostly as an outlawed organization .
Hundreds of soldiers and police guarded the building when Morsi arrived in a small car convoy shortly after 11 a.m. local time .
Only a few hundred supporters had gathered in the court to cheer the new president , and , unlike Mubarak 's presidential pomp , traffic was only stopped for a short time so that the autoconvoy could cross the usually busy road that connects the city centre with the southern suburbs .
As an uncharismatic " spare wheel " of the Brotherhood , his personal prestige has risen since his victory and a Friday speech , in which he presented himself not only as a candidate for the Islamists , but also for all those who wanted to target the 2011 uprising against authoritarian Mubarak .
" Egypt today is a civil , national , constitutional , and modern state , " Morsi , dressed in a blue suit with a red tie , told judges in the wood - panelled chamber in which he oathed .
Later , Morsi went to the University of Cairo , where he was to deliver his inaugural address .
He was officially welcomed by an army chapel playing the national anthem to which he listened .
The military leader Field Marshal Hussein Tantawi was present .
On his arrival he was welcomed by hundreds of people in the university 's largest auditorium with chants of " The army and the people are a hand " .
The University of Cairo , founded in 1908 as a secular education bastion , became a stronghold of Islamist student groups in the 1970s .
On Friday , Morsi took a symbolic oath in Tahir Square , the birthplace of the uprising that led to the end of Mubarak 's authoritarian rule last year , and he vowed to reclaim presidential powers that the military council had taken over from the hunted head of state .
But by taking the official oath before the court and not before Parliament as usual , he is bowing to the will of the military , which indicates that the power struggle will continue .
Morsi 's speech in Tahir Square was full of dramatic populist gestures .
Falkenberger Discotheque provides for two great evenings .
The new season in the Falkenberg discotheque " Blue Velvet " has begun .
This Friday evening we are told " Pump this party " , tomorrow we will continue with a special party for the 25th time .
Of course , fat beats and cool sounds are promised by the organisers on both days .
Workers Toppled Ladders : Seriously Hurt
On Thursday a 51-year - old worker in Eggelberg crashed by a ladder and seriously injured himself .
The man from Lamprechtshausen wanted to replace a defective heating sensor on the outside facade of an inn .
When he climbed to the ladder , leaning to the channel , this slid away and the man crashed on the concrete floor .
He suffered severe injuries and was taken to Salzburg by the rescue helicopter " Christophorus 6 " .
Rapists in South Africa : Twice Life imprisonment
Nine months after the brutal rape and mutilation of a 17-year - old girl in South Africa , the perpetrator was sentenced twice on Friday to life sentence .
This was reported by SABC .
The victim died later as a result of serious injuries .
John Kana was found guilty of crime as early as the beginning of the week .
The act had caused national horror .
The then 21-year - old had raped Anne Booysen in February in an industrial area in Bredasdorp near Cape Town .
14 hours the doctors fought for the victim 's survival , but in vain .
The young people 's sight was so horrifying that the nurses and sisters needed psychological assistance .
Kana had admitted during the trial that he had been in a bar with Booysen in the actual night .
He also confessed to having beaten and raped them , but denied being responsible for the death of the girl .
The police initially started by several perpetrators , but released two suspects because the evidence against them was not sufficient .
During the trial , the public prosecutor also stressed that she was convinced that Kana was alone at the time of the attack .
Rape is almost a daily occurrence in South Africa : there are some 64 000 complaints of sexual violence every year .
That is almost ten times as much as in Germany , but with 82 million people , it has a far larger population than South Africa ( 50 million ) .
The police and women 's associations in South Africa , however , estimate that sexual violence is 10 to 25 times darker .
Jumbo Visits the Black Forest Ham
Jumbo in search of the " best ham in the world " : Pro7 star Bonndorf visited for the TV show " Galileo " .
The spokesman makes it clear right at the start : the most important thing for the ham is the pig lodges , turbomast is not a good condition .
Can ham , which is available in every supermarket , be a quality product ?
Uli , the head of the big ham factory in the Black Forest , explains Jumbo 's work of the company " Adler " in Bonndorf .
" Germany 's favorite ham , " as Jumbo announces the Black Forest ham .
Only with hair protection and coatings he comes inside the factory .
Jumbo also needs to disinfect his hands before he is allowed to go to the micro .
Jumbo for the Strengthening of Rapid Snacks in Waldshut
" Here I get a huge amount of work , " amazes the television makers , black forest ham as a mass product .
16,000 clubs per week speak for themselves .
Weight , fat content , colour : Uli explains what quality matters .
Most pigs are slaughtered at six months .
Television with level ?
Details such as the ph - value of the meat also play a role .
The darker the flesh , the higher the ph value .
" I am curious when you measure what happens to Roberto Blanco , " Jumbo cynically said .
Here the level of private television is presented in pure culture .
But watching is worth it all the same .
The viewer can see that dismantling the culls is still a manual work .
Because : Black Forest ham is traditionally found on the shelf without bone .
The secret of ham is the spice mix with salt .
Jumbo 's smoke tower and smoke fire are visually reminiscent of a submarine .
The trick : fir branches in smoke provide for the special taste of the Black Forest ham .
20 days in smoke make the ham almost black .
" Now the disc disappears in the jumbo , " he announces the test dish .
" It 's really delicious " , says the TV - star .
Everyone will be able to live with that .
You thought travel agencies were a thing of the past thanks to the Internet ?
Flight Centre seems to be resisting the trend .
The company has increased its profit prospects for the year and expects record revenues from holidaymakers in Australia and the UK .
The travel company now expects an adjusted pre - tax profit of between $ 325 million and $ 340 million , compared to $ 305 - 315 million in its earlier forecast .
If the current targets are met , this will mean growth of 12 - 17 % compared to record gains of $ 290.4 million in 2011 - 12 .
As Managing Director Graham Turner announced , Flight Centre earned 8 percent in the first half of the year and made a strong start in the second half of the year , especially in Australian and British private business .
" Since the beginning of the year , our ten countries have been profitable , and some of them are well on the way to record - year pre - interest and tax revenues , " he said .
These include Australia and Great Britain , which are typically one of our strongest earners .
In Australia , the leisure industry recovered in the second half of the year , compensating for a slightly weaker business travel market .
It was similarly good for the UK 's Flight Centre leisure business , while business customers were spending less here as well .
The US business recovered from the seasonally weaker first half of the year , with profits expected for the third consecutive year .
Shares in Flight Centre rose yesterday by 3 cents to $ 38.20 .
Schools are encouraged to focus more on mathematics , spelling , and grammar .
In English literature courses , students will have to treat at least one piece of Shakespeare , a nineteenth - century novel , romantic poetry , and contemporary British novels from 1914 .
The exam also includes " unseen texts " to encourage wider reading .
The combined English and Language courses will be abolished .
From 2015 , students will have to take a stand - alone GCSE exam for language , with strong incentives to choose English literature as a separate qualification .
Tomorrow , the Ministry of Education will publish the new English and Math curriculum - the first subjects to be radically redesigned .
Other core subjects will be changed next year .
In a separate initiative , Ofqual , the audit supervisor , will announce a reorganization of the GCSE structures , including a new listing system and less price work .
In a speech in the summer , education minister Michael Gove said that " there is a broad consensus that we need to reform our audit system to restore public confidence , " emphasizing that GCSEs will become " more challenging , ambitious , and rigorous . "
Studies show that less time is spent on mathematics in English schools - 116 hours per year or three hours per year per school year - than in most other countries .
On the other hand , Australian schools teach an average of 143 hours a year , and Singaporean students receive 138 hours .
While there will be no formal requirement to allocate more time for mathematics in the timetable , coalition circles are saying that comprehensive math testing , combined with greater emphasis on the subject in rankings , will probably encourage schools to spend more hours .
The curriculum pays more attention to " real - life problems , " including financial mathematics .
Beautiful animals and tasty cakes entice you .
The most beautiful rabbits of different races and colour shots will be presented at this weekend in the Bürgerhaus .
The reviews were already made on Thursday
Once again , the local association W514 is organizing this large exhibition .
Breeders of the clubs in Soest district show their best animals as well as young wicked hobby owners their rabbits .
On Thursday , six judges assessed the number of rabbits and were able to distinguish outstanding animals .
Visitors to the show are well informed , as the evaluation of all animals is attached to the cages .
The official opening of the exhibition will take place Saturday at 2.30 p.m.
The rabbit show is open to all visitors from 10 am on Saturdays and from 10 am on Sundays to 3.30 pm , followed by the award ceremony .
Guests are also invited to a raffle with stately prices and a deliciously stocked cafeteria .
Pamela Anderson divides herself from her legendary blonde locks and for the first time appears with a new bubic head .
Pamelas blonde cocks have been famous since their role in the television series Baywatch .
Pamela Anderson is the latest star to shock his fans with a drastic new haircut .
The former Baywatch beauty has separated itself from its long blonde locks in favor of a platinum blond shorthair cut .
The 46-year - old actress presented her latest look in Los Angeles on Wednesday and also posted a snapshot on her Twitter page .
It is the first time in 20 years that the blond sex symbol has short hair , and we love the morbid change .
What do you think of Pammy 's hair ?
Give us your opinion in the comments below .
Salem : Johanna Rahner at the Ecumenical Dialogue Forum
The next Ecumenical Forum on Monday , October 21 , at the New Museum of the Castle , is devoted to the topic " Zur hell mit der hell - Theological reflections on how to deal with the last things today " .
Speaker is Professor Johanna Rahner .
The Ecumenical Dialogue Forum is an initiative of the Catholic and Protestant Churches of Salem , Salem Castle and the Cultural Office of the Bodenseekreis .
Johanna Rahner wants to examine in the forum how people now classify the " last things " after death .
If people had known too much about this in the past centuries , and had relied on the images of heaven and hell " that have shaped our ideas to this day , " the contemporary prophetic doctrine of hope for perfection is rather distinguished by a certain embarrassment or even speechlessness .
" The greater hope has been exorcised by the criticism of religion , " says the speaker .
She ' provided us with so many question marks that we seem to have lost the exclamation marks ' .
Johanna Rahner goes on to say : " But the crucial challenge remains the annoyance of death . "
This is linked to the question of the longing " that dreams that , in the end , everything will be good " .
Johanna Rahner , born in 1962 in Baden - Baden , studied Catholic Theology and Biology at the Albert - Ludwigs - Universität Freiburg from 1982 to 1989 .
In 1997 she received her doctorate from Dr. Theol . , also in Freiburg .
The Habilitation for Fundamental Theology and Ecumenical Theology followed in 2003 at Westphalia 's Wilhelms University .
Since 2010 Johanna Rahner has held a chair of Systematic Theology at the Institute of Catholic Theology at the University of Kassel .
Geislingen : More than 100 young Catholics from Little Heuberg confirm their faith in the affirmation .
In two services , 101 15- and 16-year - old youths of the Maritime Unit Am Kleinen Heuberg were shown .
In the morning , the Laudato - Si group accompanied the service , in the afternoon , the Youth Choir The Spirit .
By receiving the company 's acrament , the young people said ' yes ' to their baptism and asked for the power of the Holy Spirit .
In the last few months , the firmlings had prepared themselves for the big feast under the direction of Deakon Reiner Dehner and with the help of many community members .
In various projects they met various tasks of Christian community life and together experienced the Youth Day in Untermachtal .
Illmensee : Second mountain bike race enthuses participants .
In wonderful weather , 214 cyclists came to Illmensee to complete the roundabout on the hills around the lake .
Ulrich Knobel from the sporting association Illmensee informs us about this .
Among the participants were also numerous cyclists , especially at the short distance of 15 km and 300 metres of altitude , who wanted to practise their hobby once in a competitive atmosphere .
Two top - of - the - line German junior riders were also at the start of this competition : Felix Bader from Bad Waldsee and Pascal Treubel from Aach - Linz came in good places at the German Championships .
These two set off the field , as expected .
As in the previous year , Felix Bader was able to save a small lead in time to the finish line and defended his title as overall winner of the short distance .
Pascal Treubel once again ranked second .
For the ladies it was Theresa Duelli of the team 's nightmare that made it to the top of the winners ' list .
Two and three came Anne Adel from Illmensee and Leonie driver from Owingen .
A welcome development is the growing number of drivers who live or work in the community .
Not only in terms of performance , the whole range of athletes was represented .
The age structure also ranged from ten years among the youngest to over 70 years among the oldest starters .
In the main race there were even more absolute top athletes at the start this year .
Four drivers were able to leave the region 's top drivers behind .
Among them Philipp Pangerl , a mountain bike semi - professional from the Black Tusk Racing team .
Pangerl , together with a team colleague , was twice world champion in the 12-hour race .
This year he became European Champion in this special discipline .
Roland Ballerstedt , who already owns two German championships in the duathlon , is also a member of this group .
After 45 kilometres and 900 metres of altitude , there was an eyelash final in the finish in front of the Three Lakes Hall .
Pangerl was the first to rush over the finish line .
Just a second behind it , the Ballerstedt routine secured second place in the overall ranking .
At the same time , Hermann and Warthmann came in as third of the overall score .
Christiane Cohsmann was the fastest time in the main race in the ladies ' race .
Areane Blersch from Binzwangen took second place from Natascha Werner from Stuttgart .
Athletes and helpers were very pleased with the smooth and well - organised run of the event .
Traveling through mud , rivers , and jungle for free medical care
Dr Georges Bwelle brings free medical assistance to remote villages in Cameroon
Bwelle and his team spend almost every weekend treating hundreds of patients .
In the West African country , there are not many doctors , just one for 5,000 people
Vote here or on your mobile device
Dr. Georges Bwelle belongs to the top 10 of the " CNN Heroes of 2013 " .
You can vote for him or one of the other heroes in the Top 10 to vote for " CNN Hero of the Year " .
The winner receives $ 250,000 to continue his exceptional work .
For 21 years , George saw his sick father repeatedly losing consciousness and travelling to hospitals that did not have the means to help him .
Jamef Bwelle was injured in a car accident near Yaoundé , Cameroon 's capital .
At first he had only one broken arm , but then an inflammation spread to his brain , causing a hematom that would affect him for the rest of his life .
" There were no neurosurgeons in Cameroon , " says George 's wave .
We would have taken him out of Cameroon if we had had the money .
Instead , Bwelle spent years accompanying his father to overcrowded clinics and hospitals to get the treatment they had to offer .
" It 's not easy , " says Bwelle .
You can leave the house at five in the morning and run to the hospital to be the first , and you are not the first .
There are very many patients .
Some people even die because they have to wait .
The situation has hardly changed since Bwelle 's father died in 2002 .
In Cameroon , there is only one doctor per 5,000 , according to the World Health Organisation .
On the other hand , the ratio in the United States is for a doctor to hold 413 people .
But even if there were a doctor for her , most Cameroonians could not afford to visit her .
Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line , and nearly three - quarters of the country 's health - care spending is private .
" The only problem they have is poverty , " she says .
And poverty makes it impossible to enjoy life .
His father and so many of his compatriots suffered made the decision to do something about it mature in Bwelle .
Dr. Georges Bwelle and his team of volunteers carried out 700 free operations last year .
He became a doctor himself and works as a vascular surgeon at Central Hospital in Yaoundé .
He also founded a non - profit organization called ASCOVIME , which travels to rural areas at weekends and offers free medical care there .
Since 2008 , he and his volunteer group have helped almost 32,000 people .
Almost every Friday he and up to 30 people force themselves into minibuses and drive through the villages that need help with medical equipment on the roof .
It does not always go smoothly .
More than once they had to push the vehicles through rivers and mud .
But when they arrive , they will be welcomed like heroes : a feast , song and dance and the best lodging the place has to offer .
In these villages , free medical care is really a reason to celebrate and wave - with its wide smile and limitless energy - is happy to celebrate .
The next morning , the team begins with the examination of hundreds of patients .
" We treat 500 people per trip , " she says .
They come from a 60-kilometre radius around the village - and on foot .
Each of these weekend clinics offers medical care in a number of areas .
Many people are treated for malaria , tuberculosis , malnutrition , diabetes , parasites and sexually transmitted diseases .
Others get crutches , donated glasses , or free birth certificates - a document that school needs , but many poor families simply can not afford .
In the evening , the team carries out simple operations with local anaesthesia .
The operations usually take place in a school , the town hall or an apartment ; after the operation the patients get up and go to the recreation area to make room for the next person .
The lighting for the operation and disinfection equipment is fed by the group 's generator , and so the wave and its volunteers work until the early hours of Sunday .
It 's a tiring crowd , but village musicians usually help to keep the team motivated .
" They drum all night so that we can stay awake and continue our work , " Bwelle says .
On Sunday the team returns to the city , tired but proud of the work done .
The group - a mixture of Cameroonian doctors and foreign medical students - carried out 700 free operations last year and knows that its work makes a huge difference for the people it helps .
A man explained that the free operation of a breach of service that he received now allows him to work again .
" This is changing the future of my family , " the man said .
In addition to weekend clinics and his work as a hospital surgeon , Bwelle also works at night in private clinics in Yaoundé .
With this second job he finances 60 % of his non - profit work , Bwelle says ; the rest comes from private donations .
" I really do n't know when he sleeps , " says Katie O'Malley , who spent the second year studying medicine at Drexel University in Philadelphia and volunteering in Bwelles Group .
He is always either in hospital or tempted to raise money for the organisation so that he can go on these campaigns .
For medical and health - care students like O'Malley , who come from the US and Europe and support wave , this is an opportunity to gain practical experience at home that they would never get .
" We can be there in operations where we help to shed blood or keep the instruments for Dr. Bwelle , " O'Malley explains .
That would never be possible in America as a medical student in the second year .
Students usually pay for their journey to Cameroon themselves and often bring donated medical equipment .
Once in Yaoundé , however , the Bwelle will take over the accommodation , transportation and the instructions .
" He is undoubtedly a hero , " O'Malley says .
He dedicates his life to this organisation and his desire to help the Cameroonian people knows no borders .
For bullets , the almost constant work is not a burden .
He enjoys living a happier life for others and fulfilling the promise he made to his father .
" I am so happy when I do this work , " says Bwelle .
And I remember my father .
I hope he sees what I am doing .
I do it to make people laugh again and to relieve the pain .
Visit the ASCOVIME website and learn how to help .
Excellent combat
The role of Santiago , the old man in Hemingway 's novel " The Old Man and the Sea " , Horst Janson is cut to the body .
Janson is himself an old hare in his business , acting .
The old man Santiago can not be fooled by fishing .
So they just complement each other greatly .
It is almost thought to be able to see the wrinkles in the neck of the old man whom the fishing boy Manolo talks about .
If Santiago is tired of life bent on the chair , it is true for Janson .
The role of the old fisherman is also one that Janson mastered excellently .
Hemingway told the story of a fighter , a brave man , who does not give up and who , through his knowledge and also his will , ultimately wins the battle against the fish .
Janson is on stage in large parts as an all - rounder .
He manages to focus the attention of the audience so that his monologues are not boring for a moment .
Its efforts to finally pull the fish to the surface of the water are so real that the viewers forget that the sea consists of only blue - lit bottles of water .
Director Jens Hasselmann lets the old man act in the boat in front of the fishing village .
In the course of the performance he highlights the active scene : the Santiago Hut , the bar of the singer Marie - Luise favor , who with her songs and her wonderful voice captivates Cuba 's sense of life .
The four musicians play Cuba 's rhythm and are also guests of the bar .
Tourism : Descent to the Romans
A sewage canal dating back to Roman times has been preserved at around 120 metres below Cologne .
If you visit Cologne , you can not miss the cathedral .
Around 157 metres the two towers rise into the sky making it the second highest church in Europe .
But few visitors who admire the two delicate church towers suggest that there is also a lot to discover under the cathedral .
Rainer Schulze is an expert on the subject of the Cologne Underworld .
The meeting place for its tours is the service centre of Cologne - Tourismus directly at the Duomo .
The tour begins quite unspectacularly : " We start in the underground car park , " says Schulze .
In the seventies , the fathers of the city wanted a city with car rights , and that is why the remnants of the old city wall only stopped what was not too big .
This is why most users of the car park pass by the Roman remains and leave only their cars .
But if you take a closer look , you will discover an archeological site in the park deck D2 , separated by metal bars .
There are about five metres high ruins made of hand - made stones .
" These are the remains of the Roman city wall that was built after Christ in the second half of the first century , " Schulze says .
Before it goes back to daylight , Schulze lets the participants take a look at a dark 15-metre deep shaft at the top of the park .
This is the fountain of the old cathedral , which unfortunately is hardly noticed .
The next stop of the tour is the Praetorium , where the participants go down again .
We see here the headquarters of the once most powerful man north of the Alps , the Prator of the CCAA .
One visitor wants to know what CCAA means .
" The abbreviation stands for " Colonia Claudia Ara Agrippinensium " , which in German means " city of the right and city of the agrippines , founded under Emperor Claudius at the place of the altar for the emperor 's cult " .
And the Praetorium is the former Stathelmer 's Palace , the centre of power of the Roman Empire on the Rhine .
From the exhibition hall there is a tunnel access to the Roman sewage canal , which is preserved here at about 120 metres in length .
" You can walk along a piece of the so - called Cloaca Maxima if you want " , Schulze chills up the guests .
Schulz still has a surprise .
After he got the key at the cashier , he leads the group to a 16 meter deep walkable shaft .
" We are now in the Mikwe , a ritual Jewish bath , " he explains .
The Jewish community built its bath deep into the ground to get the groundwater that was essential for ritual washing .
To this day , different levels of water can be read at the lower end of the Mikwe , whose origins date back to the eighth century .
The Mikve will be part of an archeological zone on the Town Hall Square , for which construction work is due to begin shortly .
However , it will be several years before it is ready .
The Rocker Process Review is almost chopped in legs .
A bloody attack in the rocker environment is being reopened after more than four years .
A trial for attempted killings , dangerous injury and damage to two 30-year - olds has begun before the district court of Frankfurt ( Oder ) .
It is accompanied by strict safeguards .
The defendants were silent at the beginning .
They are said to have been active in the rocker scene and to have been part of the bandits at the time .
The Public Prosecutor 's Office accuses them of colliding with unknown accomplices in Finowfurt on three men in a car in June 2009 .
All the victims were seriously injured , a man almost lost his leg .
The victims are said to have heard of the competing Hells Angel group .
One is said to have been a high - level member from Berlin .
It seems that this was preceded by a hunt with several cars .
According to the indictment , it was about turf wars and a demonstration of power .
The two accused were acquitted in an initial trial at the beginning of 2012 .
A court spokesman said at the time that it had not been possible to prove that men had actually been involved in the bloody feud .
The perpetrators had worn masks and had not been recognized .
The Federal Court of Justice revoked the ruling after revising the State Prosecutor 's Office and referred it back to the state court for renegotiation .
One of the defendants is currently in open execution for another offence .
At the beginning it was mainly a question of the reconstruction of the processes in fact night .
The Commissioner who was investigating at the time was invited as a witness .
The main focus was on mobile phone calls from the defendants and other people who had been listening to the police .
It is difficult that rockers in court almost always abide by - rather than tell - a law that suits them .
The same applies to the victims .
In the first trial , only one of the victims had been unpacked .
Public Prosecutor Stefan Golfier of the Public Prosecutor 's Office Frankfurt ( Oder ) said , on request , that new traces have appeared since the last trial .
Eleven more days of negotiations are scheduled for the process .
The Throwaway Society Does Not Think
The night was long , the music was loud and the mood was good , but at some point it goes home .
The only thing is that hunger is noticeable in people 's bellies on the front - passenger and rear seats .
Of course , this may be the fault of one or other cocktail or sparkling wine !
What is more obvious than driving to the next drive - in to treat yourself to a little bit ?
I admit that I am happy to be with you when it comes to fast food getting late at night or early in the morning .
A few chips , a cola , a burger - and then nothing like back home and into bed !
But on the way home , the obvious differences between me and other hungry disco gangsters make themselves felt .
After all , what is missing from the fact that you keep throwing your fast food bags out of the car window ?
Especially on weekends , paper bags are thrown away at the edges of roads and in parking spaces .
' Why ? ' I wonder .
Are the people too doof to take the bags home or to the next trash bin ?
After all , it is not just the case that the paper tool changes the landscape .
Bags have already hidden traffic facilities such as barriers , causing accidents .
But do n't think about what said " disposable society " , probably it does n't even know what that word actually means .
If you travel more often in the evening , especially with several people in the car , you know what a back bench can look like after celebrated nights : clothes , bottles and other garbage are there .
A few bags would make no difference at all - in contrast to the street , where no one wants to trample on the food remains of others .
I can already see the day when cities and municipalities will have to make their way - and the fast food chains will have to pledge their bags .
Obama 's Withdrawal from Health Policy
After heavy criticism , President Obama backed off his often - repeated unequivocal promise : " If you like your health insurance , you can keep it . "
After hundreds of thousands of insurers sent a letter of notice , the Republicans accused the president in recent days of deceiving the American public .
Yesterday , Obama relativised his original promise .
" The vast majority of citizens with functioning health insurance can keep them , " he said in a speech in Boston .
In response to the numerous media reports of the dismissals , Obama called on those Americans who received such messages to look for new insurance in the free market .
Most citizens could thus receive better , more comprehensive health insurance at the same price or cheaper than predicted .
" You 'll get a better offer , " he said .
The government said it was not surprising that the five per cent of the population who have taken out insurance themselves would have to look for a different tariff , because their contract does not meet the new standards under the Affordable Care Act .
" I would like to say directly to these Americans : they deserve better , " Sebelius said at a hearing before the House of Representatives ' Energy and Trade Committee in Washington .
Sebelius , who is responsible for implementing the Affordable Care Act , stated that the launch of the online platform has been " miserable " since October .
" I am as frustrated and angry as everyone else , " she said .
I am determined to regain your trust .
This statement by an uprised Sebelius as a behind - her - her - head at yesterday 's House of Representatives hearing came after a dispute with Republican MP Billy Long of Missouri as to whether she should be obliged to attend Obamacare .
After more than three hours of hearing , Long Sebelius repeatedly urged why the " architect " of the Affordable Care Act did not voluntarily give up government - funded insurance to conclude a tariff at HealthCare.gov , which she now wants to sell to millions of Americans .
The government in Jerusalem does not confirm its attack on Syria 's Air Force base .
A US government official who wanted to remain anonymous claimed to CNN on Thursday that Israeli fighter planes attacked an air base in Syria 's Latakia the day before .
According to CNN , the aim was " rockets and related equipment , " which the Israeli government feared had been destined for Lebanese Hezbollah .
The Syrian and Lebanese media , as well as the Arab channel Al - Arabiya , had previously reported that the base in the port city of Latakia had been fired at on Thursday night from Wednesday to Thursday , and blamed the Israelis for this .
The Israeli TV Channel 2 showed satellite images of the base in Latakia showing Russian S-125 Newa missiles and a SA-3 rocket battery that , according to Channel 2 , has a range of 35 kilometres and can transport warheads up to 70 kilograms .
Uncertainty The government in Jerusalem has not officially confirmed the attack .
But the Reuters news agency cites an equally anonymous Israeli government official as saying that he believes Israel has carried out the attack but is not safe .
In any case , a spokesman from the Israeli Ministry of Defence said : ' We are not commenting on these reports ' .
The journalist Ron Ben - Yishai stressed in the daily Yedioth Ahronoth that the Syrian regime had previously tried to deliver ground - to - air missiles to Hezbollah , partly successfully .
The Israeli government had repeatedly warned that any attempt by Syria to supply Hezbollah with chemical or other dangerous weapons meant crossing a " red line " that a military response would follow .
John Kerry , in an unprecedented admission that US espionage has gone " unreasonably far "
John Kerry , with an unexpected admission , hinted at a weakening of America 's defensive stance on its surveillance programs by saying that in certain cases espionage " went too far . "
The Secretary of State also admitted that he and Barack Obama were responsible for switching to " autopilot " when the explosive revelations by the Whistleblower Edward Snowden about the NSA 's espionage activities became public .
The leaked information has led the US government into a diplomatic storm of indignation on the part of its allies .
In a video speech at the Open Government Conference in London , Kerry said : " There is no doubt that the President and I and others in government have heard of some things that have been done almost by autopilot , simply because there has been the capacity to do so , which dates back to World War II and the difficult years of the Cold War and , of course , to 11 September . "
He then became the first high - ranking member of the US administration to admit that US espionage had crossed a border , but also stressed that no rights had been abused .
He said : ' In some cases this has gone too far too far ' .
The President is determined to clarify matters and is therefore conducting a thorough investigation so that no one has to feel there is abuse .
I assure you that the rights of innocent people in this process will not be affected .
But Kerry insisted that the NSA was a force of good , and that many lives had been saved by its surveillance operations .
He added : " We are dealing with a new world in which people are ready to blow themselves up . "
There is a radical extremism in the world that is obsessed with killing , blowing up people and attacking governments .
So what if we were able to intercept and stop this before it happened ?
We have , in fact , prevented aeroplane crashes , attacks on buildings and the murder of people , because we have heard about such plans in advance .
Meanwhile , US legislators will travel to Europe to allay concerns about alleged American espionage and convince Europeans of the need to continue working with the US on anti - terrorism efforts , as the chairman of the Senate Subcommittee on European Affairs said on Thursday .
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut said that he spoke with representatives of the European Parliament and other people this week and is concerned about their threats to stop participating in anti - terrorist organisations due to frustration with the National Security Agency 's monitoring .
" It is very important for US national security interests that Europeans remain on board with regard to our joint efforts against terrorism , " Murphy , who is sitting for the first time in the Senate as a democrat and as chairman of the Senate Subcommittee on Foreign Relations and European Affairs , said in an interview in Washington .
I am also going to Europe to make it clear that we must continue to work together in the fight against terrorism , regardless of their anger over the NSA programmes .
Media reports that the NSA has collected millions of telephone data in Europe have strained relations with some US allies , even though this week 's head of intelligence said that the reports were inaccurate and based on a misunderstanding of the metadata collected and exchanged with the United States by NATO allies .
Other revelations have been quoted from Snowden 's documents that the NSA has monitored the cell phone of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and up to 34 other world leaders .
The head of the national intelligence services , James Clapper , defended espionage from allies as necessary and declared that this was customary on both sides .
In all the turmoil , Murphy said that his authority is preparing the Congress visit to take place this year and hoped that the delegation would include members from both parties and chambers .
The names of the other Members present are due to be published in the coming days .
He said that the exact route is still being worked out .
While Murphy stressed that the purpose of the trip was to improve relations , he also said that there would be some " serious words " .
He said that European governments must be honest with their people about the kind of espionage programmes that they themselves have been using for years .
" While we can change our monitoring programmes to better protect the rights of Europeans , they must also come to terms with the fact that we are not the only ones to spy , " Murphy says .
Meanwhile , John Kerry is due to travel to the Middle East and Poland over the weekend to address the resentment over US strategy in Syria , Egypt , and Iran , as well as US surveillance .
Nicolai Müller is threatening to prevent a persistent injury to the jump joint in the Bundesliga foreign match of FSV Mainz 05 at the FC Augsburg .
Mainz bangt for a deployment by Nicolai Müller .
Tomorrow he will try to train with the team .
So far he has only been able to do so individually .
" We will decide on its use in the short term , " said coach Thomas Tuchel .
The 40-year - old hopes to have his best goaler with him with six hitters .
After all , the Mainzers have to give up the injured service providers Niki Zimling , Julian Baumgartlinger and Niko Bungert .
Australia\u0027s Anti - Prison Appeal in Thailand
A 21-year - old Sydney woman , sentenced to 15 days in Phuket for falsely claiming to have been raped by a taxi driver , appealed against the sentence and was released on bail .
Stevie Rochelle Bamford was initially found guilty by a provincial court in Phuket on 15 June of making a false statement after he told the Thai police that a local taxi driver raped her in the morning on Sunday 10 June , while two other men held her .
Later on , however , the recordings of a video camera showed that she had entered her hotel safely after being separated from her Australian friend .
The police in Phuket interrogated Bamford for two days until they confessed to having invented the story .
She was in police custody on the ground until the trial .
Bamford was sentenced to a 15-day prison sentence in a low - security prison on the edge of Phuket , instead of in a prison for adult women .
She is the daughter of Peter Tunks , a former player in the Australian Rubgy League , who appealed to the Canberra State Department to help his daughter .
Tunks told Sunday Telegraph in Sydney that the whole family was " extremely worried " about the welfare of his daughter and wanted her back to Australia .
" Of course we are very worried , but we hope that she will be back home as soon as possible , " said Tunks .
Bamford has appealed against the verdict and is against a bail of 50,000 Baht free .
Australian reports show that she is in the meantime on holiday in the resort of Krabi in South Thailand .
The court said that Bamford was represented by a local lawyer in Phuket and warned that the appeal could also lead to a higher sentence of up to two years in an adult prison .
However , it is also possible that Thailand , following the recent assassination of the tourist businessman Michelle Smith in Phuket , might seek to improve its troubled tourist image , and therefore acquittal .
