A 28-year - old cuisine champion was found dead in San Francisco
A 28-year - old cuisine champion , who recently moved to San Francisco , was found dead in a corridor of local shopping centres this week .
But the brother of the victim says that he does not know anyone who would have liked to hurt him and says : ' His affairs finally went well ' .
The body , found in the Westfield Mall shopping centre on Wednesday morning , was identified as 28-year - old Franciscan Frank Galicia , San Francisco 's death scientist 's office .
The San Francisco police station said that death was defined as a crime of life and that an investigation was under way .
The brother of the victim , Louis Galicia , told the ABC channel KGO in San Francisco that Frank , formerly a liner cook in Boston , had had his dream job as a liner cuisine champion of the Sanfranciscan restaurant Sons & Daughters six months ago .
The spokesman for Sons & Daughters said that they were ' horrified and shocked ' by his death .
" We have a small team that works like a close family and will be very much missed . "
We send our thoughts and condolences to the Frank family and friends at this difficult time .
Louis Galicia said that Frank was at the beginning of the night in hostels , but that recently ' his business was finally going well ' .
" He found a flat and met a girl " , Louis Galicia told the KGO .
Louis Galicia said that he knew no one who would have liked to hurt his younger brother .
He was goodwill and had a great heart .
His way of solidarity with the family was to feed us , to dinner . "
He never wanted to be involved in any dispute .
He was a brother who dropped along with the flow .
" In a world where so many things are wrong , he was a smart diamond that shines more clearly every day " , he said .
Anyone who has information will be asked to call the San Francisco police hotline 415 - 575 - 44 .
Junior doctors on strike : Requirements for new industrial action
Representatives of junior doctors have asked their trade union to adopt new industrial action in their dispute over the new agreement .
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) calls on the Council as a whole to support new industrial action from the beginning of September .
The JDC says that ministers have failed to address their concerns on the agreement .
In July , junior doctors and students voted to reject the agreement agreed with BMA .
It was rejected by 58 % of the Members who voted .
In a letter to Members from the JDC President , Ellen McCourt , published on Thursday evening via Twitter , he said that the government had remained ' stubbornly silent ' on the issues which , he said , led to the rejection of the agreement .
He said : ' In this light , the JDC Government has voted to totally reject the proposed new agreement and to call for formal renegotiations of all your concerns . '
In response to the government 's silence , the JDC Government has today formally requested a special meeting of the BMA Council in order to obtain a mandate for the progressive and expanding industrial action programme starting early in September .
As a result of this dispute , junior doctors have taken part in six strikes this year , including the first full stagnation in the history of the NHS health system .
The leader of BMA 's junior doctors , the doctor Johann Malawana , resigned after the vote rejected the conditions recommended by BMA .
He had told members of the BMA at meetings before the vote of 54 000 junior doctors and students that the agreement was a good one and should be approved .
After the vote , the Minister for Health , Jeremy Hunt , said that the agreement will be imposed on English doctors .
Russia and Turkey : a coalition of outsiders ?
A gesture that ended in crisis .
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands with each other and to declare an official end to the eight - month struggle for words and economic sanctions .
But when Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish colleague in the golden Chamber of the Petersburg Palace , I got the clear impression that there is a desire for more in Ankara than that .
Yes , the event was missed .
But Mr Putin 's smile seemed to be forcible , and he scarcely threatened the heat , even according to his own restrained standards .
On the other hand , Recep Tayyip Erdogan repeatedly spoke about his ' dear friend ' Putin - five times according to a report .
On the bills of Secos .
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not only to the pre - crisis level , but also to an even better one .
The following day , the newspapers here described Erdogan as behaving as if nothing had ever happened .
In my view , his enthusiasm illustrated the opposite .
But the coolness that radiates from Putin showed that the Russian leader has forgotten nothing .
In fact , the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening remarks : when Turkey shot down a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border .
Moscow 's reaction at the time was furious .
Putin attacked Ankara for stabbing Moscow in the back .
The insult was even worse when it came from a supposed friend .
It will be difficult , perhaps impossible , to rebuild real confidence .
The opinion of the Russian public has also changed since November .
For months , the state - controlled media led an astonishing , profound attack on Ankara .
Suddenly it seemed that the Turks were to blame for everything .
The most serious of these were the accusations by senior officials that Erdogan 's own family has benefited from the illegal oil trade in Isis - controlled areas of Syria .
He has emphatically denied this .
But the official message in St Petersburg was that it is time to move forward .
At the end of the day , this meeting took place only because Mr Putin received his apologies from President Erdogan .
Russia has won some victory .
The benefits of an austerity ceasefire are clear .
Firstly , Mr Erdogan needs all possible friends after being almost overthrown in last month 's failed coup d'état .
He has also clearly been shaken by the continuing terrorist attacks in Turkey .
There is also an economic motive .
The Russian economic sanctions have been heavy , particularly the ban on charter flights , which usually carry millions of Russian tourists on the Turkish coast every year .
It has fallen by almost 90 % .
As far as Russia is concerned , local tour operators and charter airlines will certainly be relieved when flights eventually continue .
They are hoping for a late season to rush into the Mediterranean .
And this week state television has already predicted cheaper fruit and vegetables , once agricultural imports from Turkey are allowed again .
' Tourists there , tomatoes back here ' , as the Vedemost report put it .
But the visit also had political added value for Moscow .
In Ankara there is angry to the West about what is considered to be a weak response to the attempted coup .
Adding to it the long - standing resentment about the snail 's pace of the EU accession negotiations , Mr Putin comes out and is keen to exploit coolness and erode Turkey 's ties with the West .
The Russian leader certainly got breaks in Ankara , where he telephoned after the attempted revolution to support the designated authorities .
Of course , this is clear to Moscow , which has its own deep - rooted fear of a change of power .
So this meeting in the Pramea Palace made it possible for the ' outside alliance ' presented by Russia and Turkey , as an analyst described to me : two countries that feel abandoned and abused by the West , joining forces .
However , these two have major differences , despite public reconciliation .
The key problem is Syria , where Moscow has recently reconciled itself with the role of peacemaker , but where Russia and Turkey support the opposing sides .
It may be telling that after almost three hours of preliminary talks , the presidents told the press that they had not even dealt with the matter .
The Turkish President consciously avoided answering the question in relation to their differences , while Mr Putin chose to highlight them .
There is no clear consensus on where they can seek common ground with regard to Syria .
After months of open hostility , and in view of the possibility of a full catastrophe , with a NATO member shooting down a Russian combat plane , it is surely better for two leaders to be back on the telephone .
Royal Bank of Scotland disappears from customers outside Scotland
According to the Managing Director of the Bank , the RBS brand will be reduced to a back office role .
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear from customers outside Scotland .
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the Bank 's international objectives .
Since the bank almost collapsed eight years ago and had to be rescued , it has abandoned these objectives .
In the meantime , the Bank 's strategies have used the ' RBS ' brand to protect other consumer finance brands .
It was supported by millions of pounds spent on sponsorship of international sport , from the Six Nations rugby to the Wimbledon champion Andy Murray .
But it has now been deemed right to allow more national brands to come to the fore .
The Royal Bank of Scotland is in use with Scottish customers , but it will not be resumed from scratch .
In England and Wales , all RBS references , except for headquarters and stock market lists , will be converted into NatWest .
Ulster Bank is already in use for customers in Ireland and Northern Ireland .
There are other , smaller private banking brands , which give greater visibility : Coutts , Adam & Co , Drummond and the Holt 's Military Bank .
McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness shire .
He told BBC Scotland : ' The RBS brand will be our investor brand and employer of our employees , because we will now become a much more brand bank . '
When the bank itself became a global brand , RBS became a global brand .
So I say that we no longer have global goals , we have local goals .
Each of these brands means something very different in its own communities , and our staff work with clients under these brands .
RBS has already said that it will not continue to sponsor the Six Nations and has raised the profile of the various brands in its sporting sponsorship .
" The time has come for us to move in the direction of a brand bank , because basically ( we have asked ) the question is how we can focus on making this a better bank for customers . "
Three years ago , I would have been very cynical if we had said that we were going to be a wonderful bank for customers and offer these brands .
But with what we have done , focusing on the needs of customers , not on our own , I think you can see a lot of changes .
We can bring those brands back , so I think the time is right .
Frankie Dettori wins Newmarket with Predilection and gains 3 000 profits
Dettor sprays champagne after having a total of 3000 profits after a double victory
Frankie Dettori , a race - hunter , secured his 3000th British profit in Newmarket on Friday .
He reached a milestone in his second victory this evening in his homeway when he competed with the Predilection trained by John Gosden .
A 45-year - old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach this milestone in the race examination .
He follows Sir Gordon Richards , Doug Smith , Lester Piggott , Pat Eddery and Willie Carson .
Three times the championship Dettori , who won at Ghayyar earlier , said : ' This is special ' .
I am very emotional because my family is also here .
I am very pleased that this happened in Newmarket , because I started here 30 years ago .
It is not a big event , it is not a Royal Ascot , it is a normal Friday evening and it is 20 000 people .
I am relieved and very humble .
The Dettor absorbs praises when he puts Predilection on the scene after victory .
Two competitors have reached this milestone in the barrier races - the championship Richard Johnson and the 20-fold retired champion Sir Anthony McCoy , who had more than 4300 profits in his record - breaking career .
Lester Piggot , 9 times Derby winner , 4493
Frankie is one of the best rivals in the present era , and it is no surprise that he has reached this milestone , which only a few have reached before him .
He is elegant and strong , but his tactical temperature separates him from the others in the House of Weighing .
He is a magnificent ambassador to the competitions , his enthusiasm and charisma have been dragging fans into the species for years .
A few weeks ago , in Epsom , I told Franki that he would have rided with 6 000 winners if he were not just a jockey for the weekend and the big Games !
In all seriousness , Frankie has rided with the winners in Great Britain for the majority of 30 years , which is remarkable .
He is a lively person who is good for British competition , but he is also an incredible jockey .
Frankie Dettori celebrated a milestone with a flight from a factory with a trademark .
Frankie Dettori has been the face of British racing for two decades , ranging from flight to flight to flight landing .
This has been a mountain railway .
I made profits in the big games , including his famous ' Magnificent Seven ' victory in Ascot in 1996 , but he also survived an aircraft accident and suffered a ban on competition due to drugs .
Three years ago , he had a difficult start when he returned after six months of antitrust ban , but he showed great strength in challenging the sceptics and returning in his best condition .
And he may go on for a long time to come - Mr Dettori said earlier that he would like to continue to compete until at least 50 years old .
Russian Putin sacked Chief of Staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has suddenly dismissed Chief of Staff Sergei Ivanov .
Mr Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin 's trusted inner circle for many years .
A 63-year - old has now been appointed Special Representative for the Environment and Transport .
The Kremlin 's statement said that Putin had ' ordered Mr Ivanov to leave the post of head of the Russian presidential regime ' , but no reason was given for this .
Mr Ivanov 's deputy director has been appointed as his successor since 2012 , Mr Anton Vaino .
Persecution , 44 , is a former diplomat .
He was born in Tallinn , Estonian capital in 2012 , graduated by the respected Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and was at the Tokyo Embassy .
He later led the President 's protocols and government staff , says on the Kremlin 's website ( Russian ) .
When he was appointed , he said to Mr Putin : ' Thank you for your trust ' .
I believe that the main task of the administration is to support your role as Head of State as regards the drafting of laws and the management of the implementation of your guidelines .
Mr Putin told a Russian television station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave his seat and recommended that he be replaced .
Are the smiles convincing ?
This is a movement that has confused Moscow .
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin 's closest allies and , like Putin , was a Soviet security service in the KGB .
As Head of Staff , he was one of the most powerful men in the country .
At a meeting with President Putin on state television , both men claimed that the Head of Staff withdrew at his request .
But , despite smiling into cameras , few people here are convinced - especially now , just before the parliamentary elections .
So is this just the aftermath of a sort of power struggle ?
Nobody knows yet .
But the official argument that a man who was once promoted as a potential presidential candidate suddenly wants to lead Russian environmental policy has been received with real scepticism .
In his comments to Putin Ivanov , quoted on the Kremlin 's website , it is true that early in 2012 , in the debate , I asked you to entrust me with this very complex , if not laborious , task for four years .
Well , I have now been Chief of Staff for four years and eight months . "
Mr Ivanov approved the mandate in December 2011 .
He was formerly Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Defence .
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the state security service in the KGB , as is Mr Putin .
At the end of the 1990s , when Putin was head of the state security service in the FSB , which replaced the KGB , Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy head .
When Mr Putin came to power , he mentioned Ivanov as one of the five people he had the most confidence in .
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov could become President Putin of Russia after the second term of office , because the third term of office of Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional .
However , this task went to another close ally of Putin , Dmitri Medvedev .
Putin became Prime Minister just three and a half years later than he returned to President .
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson received a shoe after hitting a producer
Last month , Gibson was involved in a physical dispute at the Los Angeles site .
A series of producers , ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios , announced his dismissal in a joint opinion .
The special agent Aaron Hotchner , Mr Gibson , apologised on Thursday before his dismissal was announced .
There were creative differences and disputes in the place of description .
I regret that it happened " , he said in his statement .
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios said that details of how to remove the figure from the FBI team in a series of FBI agents can be expected later .
A 54-year - old starting the Dharma & Greg situation media has been in a series since its first period in 2005 .
" I love the Criminal Minds series and have given it all I can for the last twelve years " , said Mr Gibson in a statement published on Friday .
I had hoped to be with me until the end , but that is not possible now .
I would just like to thank the authors , the producers , the actors , our incredible team and , above all , the best fans that may be in a series .
The start of the twelfth series of production seasons is scheduled for 28 September .
Mystery fish ended up in the Garden in Banff
The man in Banff has asked for help to identify the fish that have appeared in his garden .
Kevin Bain believes that 75 fish could be sandeel , left behind by the water cycle .
Bain , who lives 500 metres from the sea , published film material in Periscope , hoping that somebody could clarify the appearance of two - inch fish .
Queensferry Crossing : The Bridge now extends to Fifeen
GBP 1.35 billion project is now expected to be ready by May 2017
The engineers have combined the north of the Queensferry crossing and the ground bridge , which means that the bridge now extends to FIFE .
It is the first of four blocks between the ' rock threats ' that are now coming together around every three pillars of the bridge .
The bridge to FIFE is now 600 metres long and weighs 30 000 tonnes .
It contains 10 000 tonnes of steel and 20 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 harbours .
GBP 1.35 billion is now expected to be ready by May 2017 .
Keith Brown , Minister for the Economy , visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the country to the bridge .
He said : ' This is an historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry crossing .
We are all witnessing really impressive engineering in this project , which has used more than 30 000 tonnes of concrete and steel alone to build this bridge . "
Despite the enormous size and weight of the bridge , the finalisation of the closure of the bridge between the bridge and the bridge is a demanding operation in which the extremely precise dimensions must be compatible .
Overall , almost 79 % of the bridge is now in place and the last part of the carrier is being launched in Rosyth today , which means that the whole population is ready to take its place on the bridge .
Michael Martin , Head of Fort Crossing Bridge Constructors , said : ' The first blockade in any bridge project is always a milestone .
In this fantastic project , this blockade is at the forefront of construction technology .
Once the last part of the road had been installed and linked to the expanding northern pillar , we then had to close the remaining part to the north , that is to say , to the inland side .
This was done by pulling 700 millimetres from the northern corridor to the south .
This was a huge and , at the same time , very demanding measure .
Huge , with 222 metres long , weigh around 6 000 tonnes and had to be withdrawn at around 3 % slope .
Because the permitted deviations of measurement according to which the team worked were small , just a few millimetres in both directions .
Fortunately , however , everything went well .
Rescue at Moelfre Bay : Three men are ' lucky to be alive '
Three men are ' lucky to be alive ' after they fell from their boat off Anglesey .
Moelfre RNLI rescue station sounded the alarm at 1.20 p.m. ( BST ) on Friday , after the crew saw the event developing in the Gulf of Moelfre Bay .
Three men desperately tried to swim in safety as their boats continued to move forward .
" We saw the boat closer to men and imagined the worst " , said Vince Jones , the body of the rescue boat of Moelfre .
" Fortunately , a strong wind had blown it away from them by the time we got off the ground " , he added .
Two men were saved by the local fishing boat , and a third , 60-year - old man was found exhausted in a boy hanging in a boy without rescue lives .
Men were taken into a rescue boat and brought back to the rescue boat .
Jones said : ' These three men in water are fortunate to be alive and completely unharmed .
The boat 's engine had a kill - breaking scope , but it had somehow taken off the person driving the boat when the boat fell .
Somebody looked after these friends today .
Pokémon Go is a respectable hunt for health and happiness
It is fascinating to see how the world is changing .
Over the past decade , many people have worried that teenagers and children are no longer going out to play , but that they prefer to spend their leisure time watching the evidence .
Pokémon Go makes people stand up for the sova and get involved .
The screening period was originally limited to television , then to video games and now to smartphones .
So it is wonderful to see that technology and open air activity are not mutually exclusive .
I refer , of course , to the wild application called Pokémon Go. , which is based on characters that were originally developed in the 1990s with video games ( later they gave rise to a cartoons series , game cards and other follow - up products ) .
Like many phenomena of pop culture , its popularity had to some extent diluted before the publication of this new game in the United States , Australia and New Zealand early in July .
The publication of the game in other countries was then postponed , as the servers were overloaded by huge popularity .
Just days Pokémon Golla had more users than Tinder and almost as many as on Twitter .
But how does it work ?
In a nutshell , players use their smartphones to seek Pokémones , which are traced by GPS , and which can then be ' photographed ' ( via a telephone box hijacking ) or ' catch ' .
The generation that played the game at a younger age has joined in the wildness and has jumped up the sovap with the search .
In the United States , the game has led to a significant increase in the daily steps taken by the ' average person ' .
Apple Watch application Cardiogram , which follows 35 000 users , recently told Washington Post that , within two days of publication of the game , the number of people travelling from 45 % to 53 % for the users following Cardiogram has jumped from 30 minutes a day .
The company does not know who is playing Pokémon Gota ; it only sees the traineeships .
The calls of many public health campaigns for ' find 30 ' , ' emerge on the sovah ' and ' be active every day ' have not yielded any results because most of the public health warnings are boring and careful by people who look unfortunate .
However , the importance of sport can not be underestimated .
Regular mobiles face a lower risk of cancer or depression .
Activity helps with weight management , high blood pressure and diabetes , and its benefits are too diverse to list here .
The wonderful thing about Pokémon Gon is that it makes people go out and do something they enjoy .
This covers the three pillars of health : physical activity , fresh air and sunshine and fun .
Some people even get new friends by hunting .
As usual , the disgusting spoilers are looking for complaints here .
Yes , somebody can walk the door .
What then ?
There has been a breakthrough .
Although in the past there were applications such as Fitbit that were able to monitor activity , they did not give cause to move in the same way as this game .
The attraction of novelty will disappear and the use will diminish in due course .
However , due to the success of Pokémon , there will be other games linking applications and virtual reality to active life in the real world , helping many hunting people to be more active , in better condition and healthier .
Read Dr Joe blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles captured gold in the Platform for Women
Forget the pressures .
Forget the public scare .
Simone Biles is immune to all of it .
Energy on the jumps .
Smoothing on the bottles .
With an incredible perna .
Excellent everywhere .
And now , finally , the Olympic winner .
A 19-year - old American force machine reached the masterpiece on Thursday , leaving himself and the rest of the world in the spotlight of the Olympic Games .
His overall point , 62.198 , was clearly better than that of the silver medalist and ' Final Five ' team comrade Aly Raisman and the Russian bronze medialist Aliya Mustafina .
At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil , the US 's Simone Biles equilibrium bombs in the final of women 's platform gymnastics in the individual final .
Biles became the fourth American woman who has successively won the championship of the playing game , and the fifth American champion in total , and at the same time he has consolidated his reputation as the best of his generation , and perhaps ever .
He burst to tears when his final point was announced and his long journey towards this moment ended .
This achievement will bring her into the same category as the other best athletes of her generation , such as Michael Phelps , who have brought their sports to a new level :
Biles has ruled his species for the last three years , winning 15 World Cups , including 10 gold , with programmes that have been so astonishingly mixed in ambition and accuracy that the 1984 Olympic Champion , Mary Lou Retton , called him ' the best force I see ' .
The last test was awaited in Brazil , a competition that was not so much between Mr Biles and other competitors as between him and the burden of exaggerated expectations .
Returning home to Texas Spring without a handful of gold medals would have been a disappointment .
Simone Biles , on the left of the United States , and Aly Raisman , having won the gold and silver medal ( in this order ) in the final of the individuals of the platform gymnastics of women at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , on Thursday , August .
Mr Biles won the first medal on Tuesday when he culminated in the festival of Martha Karolyi , the coordinator of the retiring national team .
Although Mr Biles claimed that he had never thought of the future when he went down his long road to the top , that is not entirely true .
Some of his permoto programme , which includes his trademark voltinos , has been reconciled with Latin American music , which would also fit on the streets next to the arena of the Rio Olympic Games .
This is no coincidence .
This girl , adopted as a steal by her grandparents and found by her coach , Aimee Boorman 's mother , when she was on a study trip in the room where Boorman coached , has become a power factor .
He has not lost in a multiplication since the summer of 2013 and this victory pipeline will continue as long as Mr Biles wants .
Although Mustafina was in a small leadership after two rounds , it was just an illusion .
The balance beam and the dummy , where Biles is the dominant world champion , waited .
He rose to the top of the list with 15.433 pearls and crossed them with 15.933 permannas .
He was blessed by the rapist when they waited for the final points - a mere formality - and tears rose in the glitter - red , white and blue eyes of Biles , when the dream that he once wrote in his playbook became a reality .
Raisman 's performance was a kind of revolution four years ago , when he was in a divided third place , but lost the bronze to Mustafina in the renewal .
This time , a 22-year - old team leader , who the Americans call the ' grandmother ' , was clearly in the lead .
After his permanto performance , he sent out a flight trap to the public in an emotional mood for a return which at times seemed dubious .
As far as Biles is concerned , the widespread twitting of this 19-year - old earlier this week is taking on a new meaning :
Police : Three victims of a series murder were shot when listening to music in a car
Two women and 12-year - old girls who died in the most dead attack in the first serial killer in Phoenix in the last decade sat in a car chatting and listening to music when they were shot , as reported in a police communiqué published on Thursday .
The authorities said that Angela Rochelle Liner , Stefanie R. Ellis and the daughter of Ellis Maleah were shot on 12 June in a car parked on the road .
It says that a shooter on the car 's side triggered up to eight shots and then fled on another vehicle .
According to the police , the triple killing does not seem to have been the result of robbery , as the aggressor did not take the handbags or the 2900 dollars that were the victim of another adult victim .
Jonathan Howard , a representative of the Police of Phoenix , said that shooting led scientists to see whether it was linked to four previous attacks .
A total of seven people have died and two have been wounded in nine attacks in four months in two mainly Latin American districts .
" These happen in a residential area in front of the household " said CBS subsidiary KPHO earlier this month .
The suspect is expected to have used several vehicles , such as brown Nissan in the late 1990s , black BMW in the late 1990s and white Cadillac or Lincolnia .
Scientists have refused to reveal evidence that led to the conclusion that the attacks are interrelated and are carried out by the same killer .
Ellis , 33 , was hospitalised for their injuries and later died .
Liner , 31 , and the daughter of Ellis , Maleah , died at the site .
An eye - witness told the police that they often sat in a parked car listening to music .
The authorities also published a police release on the shooting , which took place only half an hour before the tripartite killing , targeting an empty free - van , which is believed to have been the work of a serial murderer .
Scientists found bullet cores , bullet seats and bullet fractures in a motorway .
A 6-year - old mother with microcephalia : " The situation will ease "
Edmund Picciuto , like most of the other six - year - olds , loves singing , toys and , of course , his mother .
But , unlike most of his colleagues , Edmund is small , as a result of a genetic disorder which his mother , Elizabeth Picciuto , did not know when she was pregnant .
" When he first came home , my first thought was that I can not do that .
I can not do that .
I did not promise that .
That is not at all true - of course I promised . "
He and his husband , Vincent , were told that Edmund never necessarily learned to recognise them and that he might not even survive .
Some doctors even suggested that he be placed in institutional care .
' My initial reaction was that ' I did not know people were still doing that ' , Picciuto explained .
Edmund walks with walkers .
Edmund did not sit or plunder until he was three years old , and he is still not speaking .
But he is slow to reach some milestones .
He walks with help and drives by bicycle .
He also loves playing with his two brothers and singing .
Elizabeth will show how the signs invented by Edmund are singing me .
" We are teaching him sign language " , Picciuto told CBS News .
But it is not a normal sign language - he says that Edmund has invented some of his own signs .
Microcephaly can be caused for a variety of reasons : genetic reasons , as in the case of Edmund , or pregnant viral infections , such as measles or the Zika virus .
The symptoms and forecasts can vary greatly .
It is too early to say what the impact will be on the lives of those infected with the Zika .
Mr Picciuto remembers the emotional load of an uncertain future .
I just asked what was going to happen .
What will happen ?
And he still does not really know .
I have not , in fact , asked for a forecast for a while , because I do not expect anyone to be able to give me one .
But Picciuto has a rich piece of hope for mothers whose babies have a birth defect as a result of Zika .
The situation will be eased .
Believe me , the situation will be eased .
You love your load and your child loves you .
Heavy rain and flooding caused rescue operations in Louisiana in Mississisippi
The torrential rain and the widespread floods in Louisiana prompted the Governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday , with further rainfall expected on Saturday .
The National Weather Service reported that numerous rivers in south - east Louisiana and the southern Mississippi were flooded over their curtains and caused a massive flooding due to extreme rainfall .
The Governor of Louisiana , John Bel Edwards , said that the state authorities are in constant contact with the local authorities and that assistance is already coming to the counties in need .
The Governor 's representative , Mike Steele , of the Safety and Emergency Preparedness Office , said that they will receive requests for boarding vehicles , boats and sandbags .
Steele said that the Tangipahoa district alone asked for tens of thousands of sandbags .
Until Saturday , floods are in force in a large part of southern Louisiana .
The meteorological service said that a further rainfall of three to five cents is expected .
In southern Alabama , the flood rate was in force on Friday , when the rain continued in the Mobile region .
The Comite river , which flows near Baton Rouge , and the Amite river , which flows near Denham Springs , are both located in Louisiana and were predicted to set a record of floods over the weekend .
Alek Krautmann said that both rivers could flood into several houses in suburbs adjacent to Bato Rouge .
He also said that there was a risk of flooding the lower - river Ascension County , as flooded rivers slowly fall into Lake Maurepas .
The Tickfaw river in Liverpool , south of the border of Mississippi , was at the highest ever level on Friday morning from 9 to 9 .
The rescuers are still picking people out of the floodwater in the districts of Amite and Wilkinson in the south - west Mississisip .
Leroy Hansford and his wife and son were on Friday close to Gloster among the rescued .
Hansford , a 62-year - old , says that normally the water of Beaver Creek from his house rose quickly during the night at a distance of more than 400 legs .
He says that another son living nearby warned him .
" We woke up and the water just continued to rise " said Hansford .
It went up to my wheel .
The wife of Hansford told his husband that he had not seen the blew so high in the 48 years he has lived there .
Mr Hansford said that both he and his family have disabilities for all and that he is the only one to swim .
Hansford said that the rescue workers saved the triangle in a large , army - style lorry and took them to the Gloster fire station , where the rescued overnight stood on Friday .
Krautmann says that the floods ' are spreading rapidly ' as heavy rain continues , and that the authorities are planning evacuation orders .
Mrs Krautmann says that a witness near Livingston reported 13.75 inch rain between midnight and Friday morning .
Mrs Krautmann said that the country was entirely weared by heavy rainfall since Wednesday .
The torrential rain and the flooding of streets led to the rescue of the inhabitants of the Tangipahoa district from their homes and the cancellation of lessons in five school districts , the authorities told us .
The CBS subsidiary , WWL , reported that in Tangipahoa , a member of the municipal council said 200 homes were flooded .
Inhabitants were evacuated in two churches , but both are now under flood .
Robby Miller , the chairman of the county , said that 72 people and 7 pets were rescued by the authorities and that they had been besieged by the water .
Shelter has been opened in Amite and Hammond cities for those who have been evacuated .
" They can return to their homes when the water starts to drop " , he said .
In the town of Hammond in Tangipahoa district , 20 streets were closed due to the take - off and residents were allowed to collect sandbags to try to keep the water out of their homes and shops .
" The last major flood here was in March " , said Lacy Landrum , the city 's governor .
This is becoming a similar case .
In Missississip , Rupert Lacy , the emergency director of Harrison County , said that the steady rain continued off the coast of the Gulf of Mexico .
He said that on Thursday a handful of houses were reported to have been flooded , but so far on Friday there have been no reports of any floods .
Keith Townson , the leader of Shopper Value Foods in Amite , has lived there for 40 years .
" I have seen water in places where I have never seen it before " , said Townson , " and the rain continues .
Mahaj Brown , a six - year - old full of bullets , can cope with the Philadelphia shooting
The police tell us that a six - year - old boy has been shot in Philadelphia , which is another six - year - old shooting in the city this week .
CBS Philadelphia was named by the grandparents of the child , Mahaj Brown .
Brown 's grandparents say that he received a number of firewounds , including on the bus , foot , hand and stomach , but he was conscious when he was moved to hospital .
" He suffered a lot , his small body was full of bullets " , the boy 's grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station .
I can not believe that .
In a hospital , the boy 's condition has been recorded as critical and has been subject to a number of operations .
The family tells the position that he is expected to recover .
The boy was at the start of the first class at local primary school .
Brown was one of four people shot in the Germantown region .
Three men were also shot : two 29-year - olds and one 32-year - olds .
One of the 29-year - old men was reported to be in a critical condition ; two other victims were in a stable state according to CBS Philadelphia .
The child was found at the front of the car , together with a 29-year - old in a critical condition .
Two other victims were not in the car , and the police are investigating whether one of the injured men could be shot .
Scientists tell CBS Philadelphia that it appears there was a cross - crossing between several shooters .
The weapons of aggression - type cores , originating from various weapons of aggression , filled the scene .
It seems that this was definitely an ongoing battle .
There were cores on both sides of the pedestrian .
" So it appears that there were many armed fighters here and that they were active in the fight " , Anthony Ginaldi , Chief of Police of Philadelphia , said .
Several houses and vehicles in the region were also hit .
There have been no arrests and , according to reports , the police are investigating the recorded camera tapes .
Another six - year - old , a girl , got her hands off the illusion on Tuesday when she was playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane 's neighbourhood .
He is recovering , and the police are still looking for the suspect .
Why do we need Simone , Gabbya and Laurieta
I therefore call for this year 's Olympic Women 's Games , for more than one reason .
Firstly , I have been at every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant .
And secondly , three gymnastics , Simone Biles , Gabby Douglas and Lauren ' Laurie ' Hernandez , have inspired many coloured girls .
The composition of this team , complemented by the Jewish Aly Raisman and the Catholic Madison Kocia , is something to be proud of .
This team looks , at last , like America .
It has also established the presence of dark - skin and Latin American women at the top of the species .
For the last four years , the most successful female army has been an African .
Last year , Simone and Gabby were the first and the second .
That is wonderful .
At the last Olympic Games , Gabby Douglas surprised as the winner and America cheered .
The world has now witnessed the incredible performance of three times the world champion , Simone Biles , Douglas and Laurie Hernandez , who are presenting unexpected but masterly gymnastics .
On Thursday , Simone became the fourth American woman who has successively won individual gold in the pluralism of women .
And my team colleague Aly Raisman got silver .
We see the peak of the species , but the situation does not look like this in the gymnastics around the country .
Simone , Gabby and Laurie all went the same path as Aly and Madison when they reached the Olympic team .
They are ' Final Five ' ( the last five ) because there will only be four gymnastics at the next Olympic Games , and this is the last year of Marta Karolyi 's coach .
The reality , however , is that gymnastics are an expensive type , and gymnastics are usually practised in private gymnastic clubs , mainly by parents who pay for coaching , premises , trips , uniforms , competition fees , hotel fees ( for coachmen and their clubs , as well as for families ) and the list continues .
A large proportion of these gymnastic clubs are located in wealthy suburban neighbourhoods that can support the species .
These clubs are the clubs that are training all their forces , and this is an expensive and long - term commitment to the families of the gymnastics .
Aimee Boorman , coach of Simone Biles , as well as Maggie Haney , coach of Laurie Hernandez , have both trained their athletes since they started gymnastics .
We need to bring cheaper and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of many young girls inspired by Simone , Gabby and Laurie .
I set up my Gymnastics Foundation 20 years ago .
In my organisations , we have offered free and cheap gymnastics to more than 15 000 urban youths ( mainly black and Latin ) in Harlem and we have trained national and international champions .
In September , we will extend to Detroit ( my home city ) in order to offer a high - level gymnasticism to young people who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this important Olympic species .
Gymnastics develop the strength , flexibility and coordination of the body , as well as the diligence , rigour and determination of mind .
This combination offers life - long benefits for good health , school and work .
This inspiration for the team will lead to thousands of young girls beginning to gymnastics , and that is wonderful .
Participation in sport is so important , especially for girls .
We are living in an exciting time .
Thank you , Simone , Aly , Laurie , Gabby and Madison , for showing a serious ' girl power ' by winning the Olympic team , and for motivating so many young girls from different backgrounds to start on the road to a healthy , strong and successful young woman .
Junior doctors to organise further strikes after rejection of Jeremy Hunt 's proposal
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute by agreeing to an improved agreement with the British Medical Association 's officials , but 58 % of the 37 000 junior doctors who took part in the vote rejected it .
In July , Hunt revealed plans to coerce the agreement , saying that the NHS was on ' unknown soil ' , and that even minor additional delays are damaging to staff and patients .
The first junior doctors will be transferred to the new agreement , which will include changes to the working methods of the night and the weekend in order to improve treatment during difficult hours .
Dr Ellen McCourt , chairman of the BMA Committee for Junior Doctors , said last night in an opinion : ' Doctors in training still have serious concerns about the proposed agreement , in particular the fact that it will accelerate the existing labour crisis and that it will not treat all doctors equally ' .
While there are only eight weeks left before the first group of doctors are moved to the new agreement , progress must be made and time is running out .
BMA 's attempts to resolve the dispute through negotiations have encountered a reluctance on the part of the government to participate and at times a deep silence .
That is despite the promise of Jeremy Hunt last month that his door will always be open .
" Jeremy Hunt must act now , lift the sanctions and take into account the concerns of junior doctors .
If he does not do so , the junior doctors are ready to continue the industrial action .
The latest strike at the end of April meant a moratorium on almost 13 000 routine operations and 100 000 reception times , while nurses and consultant doctors were recruited to replace doctors on strike guards .
The Ministers had hoped to end the dispute by agreeing to an improved agreement with the British Medical Association .
BMA wants a better weekend salary for 54 000 junior doctors under the agreement .
Daniel Mortimer , CEO of NHS Employers , appealed to junior doctors not to go on strike .
Mr Mortimer said : ' Industrial battles achieve very little or nothing , but they put pressure on teams and services that are already in a demanding situation and cause concern , anxiety and disruption to patients , carers and their families . '
In the last two months we have had discussions with the Junior Doctors Committee and , together with the Ministry of Health and others , we have responded positively to their concerns about the role of Guardian Role and Whistleblowing .
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive debate on other important topics - such as development , flexibility in education , further training for those returning from paternal leave , costs of training , mutual recognition of the curriculum , leave of study and the gender pay gap in medicine - was a sign of the seriousness with which employers , the Health Education England and the Ministry of Health respect the agreements reached with BMA in November , February and May.
A medicine costing GBP 2 a day can reduce the risk of a heart attack
Thousands of heart attacks are benefiting from a medicine costing GBP 2 a day after the authorities recommended that it be given to people for longer .
An anti - blood medicine , ticagrelor , will drop the risk of renewable incidents in people with heart disease .
The medicine is already given 12 months after the heart attack in order to reduce the risk of strokes or other incidents .
The NHS supervisor , NICE , has advised that it should be given to people for four years in order to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems .
But now the NHS supervisor , NICE , has advised that it should be given to people for four years in order to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems .
About 140 000 people are attacked every year in England , and a quarter of them are hit or stroke out .
Heart attacks and strokes are the result of fat material accumulated in the wall of the state , which constitutes cowardice .
If crackdown breaks , it can cause a bloodbath that prevents blood circulation at the heart , causing a heart attack .
If a crack is broken , it can go along with blood and cut off the circulation of blood in the brain , causing a stroke of the brain .
People who have already had one incident have risen the risk of getting another .
Ticagrelor , manufactured by the British company AstraZeneca and sold under the name Brilique , reduces this risk by making slice less likely .
Today 's NICE draft guidance recommends that people be given 90 mg ticagrelor for 12 months , followed by 60 mg of aspirin taken twice a day for the next two years .
Professor Carole Longson , Director of the NICE Health Technology Assessment Centre , said : ' Despite the progress of effective preventive treatments , as many as a quarter of the people who have suffered a heart attack , they will subsequently be hit by another heart attack or brain stroke , the consequences of which are often devastating . '
Fear of renewal can have a significant negative impact on a person 's quality of life .
Evidence shows that ticagrelor , together with aspirin , is effective in calculating the risk of subsequent heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack .
In preliminarily recommending Ticagrelor , we are pleased to be able to increase the availability of therapeutic options to the many thousands of people who may benefit from them .
Since the data on the efficiency and safety of Ticagrelor - especially as regards the risk of bloodshed - over a period of more than three years is limited , the draft guidance does not recommend treatment for longer than during this period .
The culture of political correctness allows elections to flourish in Muslim areas
Lutfur Rahman , the former mayor of Tower Hamlets , was withdrawn from office last year because of corruption , giving an impulse to the government 's report .
The culture of political correctness has led to the widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities being ignored , and today a shocking government report reveals it .
Sir Eric Pickles , a former government minister , robbed the police , electoral monitors and city councils of ignoring evidence of electoral fraud due to ' racial and religious intolerance ' .
The former Community Secretary , the current anti - corruption emperor , said that the intimidation of voters on religious grounds is so serious that the police should be allowed to set up guard chains to protect frightened voters outside the polling stations .
He recommends that voters should present an identity card when they vote to prove who they are .
Nowadays , the electorate only has to say its name and address .
The report even suggests that the finger of the voter should be put on an unavoidable ink so that no one can vote twice .
Whistleblowers should be better protected , Sir Eric says .
He calls for greater access for the press to the Council 's documents and decisions taken by informal committees or by a working party .
" This would protect not only against electoral fraud , but would protect local government from a wider culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with electoral fraud . "
The report was commissioned by the government following the voting scandal in Tower Hamlets in East London .
Last year , the Special Electoral Court ruled that the Mayor sitting , Lutfur Rahman , should be withdrawn from office as a result of numerous charges of corruption and illegal acts .
The Court found Rahman to have ' cynically distorted ' the religious feelings of its Muslim community and silenced its critics on accusations of racism and Islam fear .
Rahman is said to have conducted his election campaign on the grounds that faithful Muslims had a religious obligation to vote for him .
Up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of a person voting one by one side .
Sir Eric said that evidence of fraud is to be found throughout the country .
He expressed particular concern at the electoral fraud in the post office , where high - ranking members of the Muslim community were said to have put pressure on people to vote for their chosen candidate .
Sir Eric , in a picture , made a number of recommendations on the cleaning up of the voting system , including identification with identity cards .
He says in his report : ' The evidence was given that vulnerable members of certain ethnic minority communities , especially women and young people , were pressurised to vote as the elderly wish , especially in communities with a Pakistani or Bangladeshi background .
' Concerns were expressed that ... state institutions had ignored such behaviour because of ' politically correct ' racial and religious intolerance . '
Sir Eric put forward 50 proposals to clean up the system , including a ban on political activists being allowed to handle ballot papers by post in order to put an end to the ' collection ' of votes .
The report , which is being examined by Theresa May , also calls for stricter checks on registrations in order to prevent the use of the electoral register for fraudulent immigration and compensation .
Examine options for identifying voters before voting .
Put the finger of the person who votes in an invisible ink so that no one can vote twice .
Direct systematic nationality checks to ensure that they are entitled to vote .
Set a three - year limit for requests for automatic mail voting .
Political activists are prevented from handling ready - made mail sounds and envelopes where votes are sent .
Allow the police to set up watchdogs around the polling stations .
Other laws make it easier to accuse people of intimidation on the basis of the People 's Act of 1983 .
It makes photographs in polling stations illegal .
I require only English to be used at polling stations ( except in Wales ) .
Strengthened training to ensure that staff stick to the rule that the voter should go to the hook alone .
Sir Eric teils the Greater London Police Force to say that it is ' astonishing ' that no criminal charges were brought following the Tower Hamlets case .
" The Electoral Tribunal was missing as a result of numerous corruption and illegal actions by Lutfur Rahman and his officials " , he said .
He was found guilty on the basis of a number of arguments , without any doubt , on the basis of the threshold of criminal proof .
He also criticised the ineffective ' box checks ' in local council voting offices .
Sir Eric said : ' Last year 's Tower Hamlets sentence was a wake - up call .
Our nation has a splendid legacy as the birthplace of parliaments , but this disturbing and secretive spread of electoral fraud and the denial of the facts of certain groups threatens this good reputation . "
Crazy Kate for bicycle double creams and other publicly published pictures at the Rio Olympics
This week , the fans at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio have been confused by the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand - Prevot , who has been proven to be an impressive double flight by the Duchess of Cambridge .
But a 24-year - old Olympic representative is certainly not the only sportsman who is fighting for gold this summer who can boast about his famous dual flight - at least according to the social media .
So , in honour of the Rio Games and all the famous faces on our screens today , the FEMAIL has compiled a list of Olympic athletes who clearly look Hollywood public .
The hunter and the wolf : Brady Ellison , a member of the US men 's archery team on the left , has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a child
In addition to the Kate double crew on the cycle line , many people on the web have been quick to point out how one particular flexibility bullet could be the star Leonardo DiCaprio twin .
Brady Ellison , a member of the US men 's archduction team , has caused a storm on Twitter since his pictures surface seemed to be frightening like the star of The Wolf of Wall Street .
And , in fact , when he became aware of the passion of the social media , he admitted that he had heard from Leo since the child .
' Personally , I do not see great unity , except perhaps for the best , ' Mr Brady told Mr Huffington Post .
' He is a charitable type , so surely this is a compliment . '
One of the most popular comparisons from London in 2012 will certainly come to light this year as well : the striking unity between the British long jumper Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris .
It has been said that the Russian force , Alya Mustafina , with its great , obvious eyes , is the Cuban - American singer Gloria Estefan 's double crew .
And in the basin , the South African swimmer Cameron van der Burghia has for years been compared with the Glee star Matthew Morrison .
Bigger Gear for the Eyes : This user thinks that Nathan is the " sports version " of the Inception player
Another long - term comparison has been between the tennistar Rafael Nadal and the actor Josh Hartnett , both of whom have the same strong cornerstones and lips .
Yulia Efimova , the Russian silver medialist baron , has the same actor Annalynne McCord like browned skin and browned bulldozers , while the Nathan Adrian of the US team , according to the fans , is like ' Joseph Gordon Levitt 's sporting version ' .
The hard women : Hope Solo , left - wing football star , and the Dexter player Jennifer Carpenter , on the right , share the same face and eyes
Not only : Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw similarities
Presentation of the theory : According to this user , there may be a reason for a couple of similarities .
A user of Twitter recently expressed his happiness on the website that ' others on the Internet think that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are in fact identical ' .
And the American football star and the Dexter player really have an incredibly similar face and eyes .
Other popular comparisons include Kerri Walsh - Jennings and her smile , almost identical to the smile of the actor Laura Linney , as well as the winning gold medal worker Gabby Douglas , whose own beautiful wide smile covers Bring It On to Gabrie in the smile of the Union .
The CBC Olympic commentator apologises for saying that a Chinese bather has ' died like a pig ' .
Byron MacDonald 's analysis on Wednesday of the CBC 's live Olympic broadcasters , instead of the fourth message of a 4x200 metre freezing of women , 14-year - old Ai Yanhan .
The Canadian television company CBC has had to apologise after one of its accountants said during the game that a 14-year - old Chinese woman had ' lost like a bad smell ' and ' died like a pig ' .
The author , Mr Byron MacDonald , thought his microphone was out of hand when he started to share some of his own opinions in a message final for the 4x200 metres freeing of women .
MacDonald , who came to the CBC 's team to bring ' colour ' , was heard saying : ' That small 14-year - old from China slipped , baby .
Too enthusiastic , losing like a bad smell , died like a pig .
Thank you for that . "
Chinese bawler Ai Yanhan , 14 , swimmed at the second part of the message 1:57.79 - 1.61 seconds more slowly than Canadian Taylor Ruck , which allowed Canada to catch up with China .
Spectators across Canada reacted quickly online , shocked by the language used and its tone .
Emmett Macfarlane twitted : ' Did the CBC accountant just say that a 14-year - old Chinese bather ' died like a pig ?
The idiot still did not realise he was broadcast live . "
In a 4x 200-metre final on the freeing of women , China Ai Yanhan was described as ' that small 14-year - old from China slipped , baby ' .
Criticism of Mr Byron MacDonald on Twitter was dark and quick , many challenged him .
Users of Twitter did not hold back when they heard how reckless Byron MacDonald was .
Sarah Paradis , the second user of Twitter , wrote : ' Wau # ByronMacDonald .
The representatives of the CBC and Canada make us all sound like a racist corner . # abhorrent . '
Shortly afterwards , Scott Russell , who was running a CBC mission , apologised in a live broadcast for the comment by Mr MacDonald , saying : ' We regret that the comment on the bathing performance was broadcast .
It was an unfortunate choice of words , and we regret that it did . "
The CBC ended up apologising more than 90 times to people who had twitted in response to the comment .
Scott Russel , the spokesman , had to apologise for MacDonald .
The CBC then copied and apologised to more than 90 users of Twitter who had complained about the comments made by Mr MacDonald .
The TV company also quickly apologised and published the opinion .
We deeply regret that these statements were made and sent out live .
Yesterday evening we took swift action and , in a live broadcast , apologised to our viewers and our successors in the social media .
For the sake of clarity , Mr Byron 's comments related to the performance of the bather , not to him as a person .
But it was an inappropriate and regrettable choice of words , and Mr Byron is very sorry to say so .
On Thursday afternoon , Mr MacDonald apologised in a live broadcast and tried to define his comment by saying that he did not mean it to be interpreted as a personal attack .
' I would like to apologise at this moment for the comment I made last night after the women 's message . '
' I referred to the performance of the bather , not as a person . '
' Needless to say , I did not mean it as disrespectful , and I am really sorry . '
The Customer of Primark is dismayed by a woman who arrogantly settled underground clothing in the middle of trade
Customers did not know where to look when a woman stripped the Primark movement to try ships .
Things were not improved by the fact that , having judged what she looked like in the trousers , a woman was shelling them off and putting them back on the shelf .
He continued to beat about the bush and finally settled four shipping loopholes in the shopping centre of Bouverie Place in Folkestone .
The Primark Movement Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone , where a woman fitted ships and then put them back on the shelf
At the same time , the mother of two children , Jenny Davidson , who was in shopping , said that , after having tried underground clothing , a mysterious woman ' dressed again and walked out of circulation without buying anything ' .
He said : ' People did not believe their eyes ' .
A woman stood in the middle of a trade floor , took one or two of the ships that were on the table , stripped her own shackles and underground clothing and put in their legs to be reconciled .
' He did not even try to find a peripheral place in the settlement , he just stood shameless . '
' Everyone looked at when he got rid of the ships and clearly did not like them because he put them back on the shelf . '
He did the same for three or three couples before finally deciding that he did not like anything he saw , dressed again and walked out .
' He did not seem to care who watched - or thought of the person who would end up buying the shipwrecks he agreed . '
A 33-year - old , Mr Davidson , who lived in Kent , said : ' It is abhorrent to think that someone takes home the ships that others have tried but have not been cleaned . '
The incident took place on Tuesday afternoon .
Mr Davidson added : ' I realised that the staff apparently tried to remove the clothing packets from the sale after the woman left , which is all well and good . '
" It would be terrible to go home with new ships and see that another woman has put them on their heads and taken them away and they have not been laundered . "
The representative of the Primark said : ' Primark is aware of the incident in the Folkestone movement on Tuesday 9 August .
All these products have been withdrawn from sale . "
In this way you can defend yourself against armed attacks using Krav Maga
The world is dangerous , but this video of Dailymail.com can make it a little safer for you .
We spoke to Rhon Mizrach , the Grand Master of the Krav Maga Federation in New York , to see how to deal with the robberies that wave their heads in the vicinity .
Whether you were approached or guaranteed , this video shows how you can pay the aggressor in the same way .
According to Mizrach , if you are approached from behind , the first thing to turn is to see your aggressor and ' clear the line of fire ' .
Then you have a gun between the wheel and the shoulder before you put the aggressor on a free wheel .
Continue to strike on the knees , and when the aggressor goes from pain to pain , tips a weapon from his hands , puts him in the face and retreats with a weapon targeted at him .
If an armed person approaches , the technique is the same : to remove the body from the line of fire , to take a button weapon and to turn it around so that the criminal can not trigger it .
At the same time , weigh the weapon and strike the aggressor , then weapon her grip , backtrack and show her with a weapon .
Is it difficult ?
See exactly how Mizrachi is doing this on a video .
But remember , if you are not the great champion of Krav Maga , the safest way out of the robbery is to give up your money .
Ian Wright arrows at Europe 's dirtyest seats for a tourist guide
A British tourist has put his immune system and his oxygen reflex at a serious challenge by cornering some of Europe 's dirtiest and night - nightly places .
Ian Wright , a Suffolk presenter and traveller , 51 , would be wounded by the euro banknote , the map of Piccadilly Circus , the box of the train and the Russian public telephone to prove the strength of its immune system .
Before every target was childed , he used the photometer to show himself and us the situation in which he was going to find himself .
However , the experiment , which was carried out under the name of the film , produced surprising results .
The idea of knitting a box of rumours on a train used by thousands of people may seem utterly odious , but in fact there are more bad bacteria in the cuisine 's cavary .
On his trip across Europe , Mr Wright constantly talked to doctors and medical professionals about estuine bacteria and his own health .
Fortunately , none of his arrogance left him with any other evil taste .
Wright became a renowned instinct tester for the sustainability of his intellect when he travelled around the world and eating odd and miraculous things .
This task , ranging from the public railway stations , from the running post of the seat to the was indeed a test of his immune system .
In a film made , he said : ' Since the child , I have been rather careless about my health and I have put all sorts of things in my mouth , starting with mollus , mads and strained water . '
He did indeed confirm his reputation during the cinema .
The only thing he refused to do was to have a savage Russian public twc .
His exhibition contained more than 4 000 units on the photometre .
By comparison , the number of newly - washed hands should be less than 60 .
But in one of the Russian public toilets , he refused to take a child when the photometer resulted in more than 4 000 units , and the result of the counter - laundered hands is less than 60 .
Wright has produced a tourist 's film , a trail of internal power , together with the Finnish dairy , Valio , which shows the amount of bacteria in various places , such as the bathroom .
In the film , he said : ' This is almost the worst thing I have smelled on the web . '
There is nothing more dirty !
I am not going to chip anything , because it is night here .
The internal strength was borne by the Finnish dairy , Valio .
The company offered Wright from Vali Gefilu , which contains milk acid bacteria , as well as vitamins C and D , which help to make people 's intestine bacteria and immune systems more efficient .
Niko Vuorenmaa , the head of state snacks , juice and new categories , said : ' We really wanted to offer consumers something new .
Something that would be fascinating to look at and at the same time explain the interests of probiotics .
We threw a lot of mad ideas into the air and ended up with the idea of ' let us call Ian ' .
They argue that interest in intestine health is becoming a global phenomenon .
Rather than just talking about products , we wanted to put them in a bigger context : to talk about the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment , the importance of intestine health and its link with the immune system .
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon , and this documentary film enables us to tell consumers more about it in an interesting way .
I think the document also shows that we have a great sense of humour !
The documentary director , Tom Hakala , added : ' Let us say it now , even if Ian had cut off some of the things I asked him to do , such as the night - night Russian toilet shown in the cinema , I would have lost my respect for him ' .
Understandably , some of the lamentable things were easier for Mr Ian , while others were rather difficult .
I am glad that we have recorded some of those dirty children . "
In a state survey in 2015 , 84 % of respondents combined milk acid bacteria with the well - being of the stomach and intestine , and 58 % said that they at least sometimes use products to which milk acid bacteria have been added .
Rent in Cornwall in Saltash , before eviction , was destroyed by the Ökker family
The shell family caused £ 50 000 damage to their hire after being evicted as a result of terrorism by their neighbours .
Tanya Keldon and her partner , Shaun Trebilcock , have been thrown out of the Cornwall property in Saltash after having been complained about many times .
After they had been forcibly removed from the real estate , shocked housing company agents found the property in poor condition .
There had been gaps in the walls , floorboards had been torn up , waste had been put on the floor and the walls had been squandered with graffits .
The family has now moved elsewhere and they are believed to live in private accommodation .
Conna McEvoy , the host of Cornwall Housing , said she was afraid that the property could not be repaired .
He said : ' This has been a nightmare for residents , and I do not think people should have to live in this way .
There is a lot of food for thought here , as this building is likely to be known via the less pleasant groups of Cornwall .
This family is notorious and their name is notorious . "
The couple had three boys who sometimes lived in the property and , according to the police , the family 's tyranny involved street balloons , intimidation of loved ones , drug use , drugs sales and excessive shouting , quarrels and cries .
In June , a 47-year - old , Skeldon , whose name was on the lease contract , was given a decision on antisocial behaviour .
Old waste was found in many houses under threat of demolition .
Floorboards had been thrown up .
Neighbours said that the family was seen in the streets fighting and that the police were being called regularly .
Cornwall Housing forcibly evicted a woman and this partner from her property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move voluntarily .
Relieved neighbours praised the eviction , saying that their lives had become as hell .
One said : ' They did not care about anyone ' .
We lived as neighbours for 20 years and the situation has always been bad .
We have seen the police here on an incredible number of occasions .
" We did not dream this morning .
We rose because there was such a silence here - we are not used to it !
It is wonderful now that they are at last absent . "
Adam Fitzpatrick , the executive director of Cornwall Housing 's neighbourhood , said that the family did not cooperate with the local authorities .
The family has lived in a house for 20 years and the police were often invited to the property .
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down on a wild wall in a rented house .
He added : ' It is a pity that the resident did not take any responsibility for his or her own behaviour and that of his family , as eviction is always the last course of action considered by Cornwall Housing .
This was a very difficult case , because behaviour was extreme and I am sure their actions horrified neighbours .
I appreciate all the work done by my team , by the Devon and Cornwall police and by the courageous , informed members of the Community .
I hope that this development will bring some comfort to our neighbours and send a message that antisocial behaviour will not be accepted .
Fitzpatrick said that three boys all lived in the real estate at different times , but they were all in twenty .
Dirty mattress left on the floor of one bedroom after eviction
Workers in the housing company now have to clean up the waste levels around the house .
In 2014 , the police carried out a raid on the property and found more than 70 g of cannabis and more weather , equipment and GBP 1700 in cash .
Skeldon was fined for having granted guilty of possession of Category B drugs as a way of distributing it .
He claimed that money was intended for the grave stone of his son Lee Skeldon , who died in a car accident in 2013 .
Apparently , Tanya and his partners live homeless now that they are left behind in private accommodation in Plymouth .
Many of the walls in the rooms of the house had been wounded by graffits .
The police say they are trying to evict residents who flout the rules of their lease contracts .
The police of Angela Crow Devon and Cornwall said that the eviction was a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules .
" This is a message to those who think that their behaviour is unpunished and to those who suffer such behaviour " , he said .
The police in Devon and Cornwall will never tolerate criminal and antisocial behaviour ; they will continue to work with their partners to protect our communities .
Tourists in Portugal were horrified when a military jet flying the coast at a low rate
Sunscreen tourists in Aveiro , Portugal
The P-3C Orion aircraft of the Portuguese Air Force wiped off the lowest aircraft
The Air Force said it was a trainee flight and claimed that safety was not at risk
Right now , the horrified tourists started to be alarmed when a low - flying jet aeroplane swept across a full beach .
The dramatic recording shows how a military plane came almost distant from the sandwriggers in Aveiro , northern Portugal .
The holidaymakers stood up when they began to be understandably worried about the noise on the jet , even though they did not see at all what the clouds were about to reach them .
The incident took place in Costa Nova , near Aveiro , yesterday afternoon .
One of the many holidaymakers who published videos of a dramatic by - flight in the social media was Daniel Fernandes , who said : ' Twice it went very low and , at one point , it looked as if it was going to crash . '
No Arroja added : ' I was surfing and , quite rightly , it seemed as if the machine had fallen on me ' .
Tourists on the beach in Aveiro were horrified when the plane appeared dark and flown unbelievably low .
The Portuguese Air Force said today that the pilot of the P-3C Orion plane was on a training flight to identify fishing boats close to the coast and had to land so low because it was the only way to check the boats .
He said that the jet aeroplane had flown considerably lower than usual due to the poor visibility of smoke caused by nearby fires , but the air force assured us that no one 's safety was at risk .
This summer , the fires have devastated parts of the mainland of Portugal , and four people have died on the island of Madeira .
The Portuguese Air Force said today that the pilot had to fly due to low visibility conditions , smoke caused by fires and thick fog ,
The aeroplane was on train and , as part of the exercise , the pilot was asked to identify fishing boats .
Exacerbating the result of the first half of the year better than expected
Between January and June , the social and health circle in South Karelia ( Exote ) delivered a better result than planned .
Exotically , the result was EUR 4.3 million in surplus in the first half of the year .
The result was particularly good for family and social services , where the development of preventive services has been able to dismantle institutional care .
The care guarantee was realised in all operations .
Exote aims to shorten the queues for action this year .
The exoste covers the previous deficit .
The overrun will perhaps be used to shorten queues and buy measures for patients .
The overall result of the year is projected to be € 4.6 million better than planned .
Exotically , the government will deal with the six - monthly report at its meeting next Wednesday .
70 Special Border Ice Faces were sworn in Immola
On Friday , 70 military owners of the Border and Coast Guard College took the oath .
The military whaling of the board of border and coastguards was held in Immola on Friday .
The 10th Special Ice Course was held in the sports field of the army .
The military whale was sworn by 70 armymen .
Special ice caps will be trained for demanding border management , intelligence and battle tasks .
They serve for 347 days .
This year , 310 young people applied for a special border ice agent .
250 of them were invited to selection tests .
Special border ice - yagers have been trained in Immola since 2007 .
The veteran meeting at the occasion of the ceremony involved five border troops during the war .
The average age of those involved is now 90 .
The oldest veterans who took part were born in 1918 .
A bit of the banditry ahead - Criminal Intelligence helps to detect crime and detects serious crime - ESS.fi
Since the beginning of 2014 , each of the 11 Finnish police institutions has had a RTA - the Criminal Intelligence and Analysis Unit .
The service 's activities are invisible to the outside world .
A total of four police officers in Lahti and Hämeenlinna belong to the police unit .
It is driven by a console in Lahti .
Commissioner Lahti will be the Director - General .
Moreover , the strength of the unit is that of a civilian person with IT in Hämeenlinna .
Everyone works in a civilian capacity .
The deputy chief of police , Tero Seppänen , has proved its usefulness and necessity .
The RTA unit provides various reports to the rest of the police .
In any way , it has , for example , acquired information on asylum seekers .
Recent reform of working methods
The establishment of analytical units is the latest reform of the working methods of the police .
The aim has been to prevent crime , that is to say , to ensure that the police do not take the place of the mushroom until the alarm is sounded .
Data collected and analysed by the unit will target day - to - day policing where it is most needed .
As a result of the police administration reform , a criminal intelligence centre was set up in the country , with less than three national units and with their own criminal intelligence units in each of the police institutions .
The PTR Centre in Vantalla , which operates in the context of the central criminal police , is a national leader .
The PTR units are employed by their name from the police , customs and border guards .
The RTA units , for their part , are working in areas shared by the police , and their role is to provide information both to local police forces and to national units .
Intelligence goes beyond one 's own territory
Whereas the individual police are aware of what has happened during his 12-hour shift , it is up to the RTA unit to know what is happening in the whole of the police .
Intelligence goes beyond the borders of one 's own institution , because crime does the same .
RTA staff have better computer skills than the basic police .
Through registers , alert databases and findings , the unit seeks to draw the attention of the police to new phenomena , lucrative criminals or similar crimes .
This is called exercise and is one of the most important tools of criminal intelligence .
Everyone has their own way of doing things .
Whether it be honest or criminal , a handprint is also in the workplace .
The way in which the perpetrator is conducted creates a certain image .
It can be carried out either on the basis of the method or by the person concerned , depending on which of the police has more information .
Criminals learn from their mistakes
RTA staff do not run through the city , but their work is not entirely public .
There is no indication of the methods used , both by ourselves and by criminals , as this could lead to professional criminals developing their activities in order to prevent police attempts to combat crime .
The police tell the public about the methods if they predict that they pose a threat .
This was the case , for example , in early summer news , with the labelling of empty housing used in housing breaks .
In it , the authors put a house on the outdoor with a stick , a numble needle or a tea piece to try out whether the residents really were travelling .
Pre - trial material will be made public at least to the interested parties .
The analysis unit has found that the most professional criminals learn from the mistakes they have made .
The cleverest will subscribe to a protocol on the right of litigation , which may show , for example , that fingerprints have been found on the ground .
Next time , the thieves go hand in hand .
The case has been interviewed with Deputy Chief of Police , Tero Seppänen Häme , Commissioner Lepola of the Police of Eastern Finland , Criminal Commissioner Sami Joutjärvei of Joensuu of the Police Station and Criminal Inspector Arto Tuomela of the Central Crime Police .
The police collect and analyse data to plan practical action .
Behind this is a reduction in labour and financing .
The first steps towards a new approach were taken 30 years ago .
The latest change was the three - stage PORA reform , which ended at the end of 2013 .
National cooperation gathers data outside its own institution and the Finnish borders .
London - related schoolgirl killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana , one of the three British girls who left London last year to join Israel , has rumoured to have died in Syria .
The lawyer , Tasnime Akunjee , said that the girl 's family heard this dead in Raqa in Syria a few weeks ago .
On Thursday , ITV News reported that a girl was believed to have died in a Russian air strike in Raqqa , which is the organisation 's base in the country .
Sultana was 17 years old and , according to his family , he died just when he was planning to flee a war - torn country and return to Britain .
" One can only hope that the only benefit of the case is that it can act as a graveyard and a testament to others , that there are real risks of going to the war zone - that it could dissuade people from taking such a decision . "
In February 2015 , Sultana and two other East London school girls fled to Turkey , where they went by bus to the Syrian border .
Sultan 's family was told that she had married to the Israeli fighter in Syria and that she became a widow after just a few months .
Reid says Clinton considers Mr Garland a candidate for the Supreme Court if he is elected
The Senate Democrat leader , Harry Reid , says he is convinced that the democratic presidential candidate , Hillary Clinton , will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if he is elected President .
The Republicans in the Senate have blocked Mr Garland 's confirmation since President Barack Obama appointed him in March .
Mr Mitch McConnell , the leader of the majority of the Senate , says that the next President will elect the person to replace Mr Antonin Scalia , the late Supreme Court .
Mrs Reid said in the telephone conference on Thursday that she predicts , with some certainty , that Mr Clinton will choose Mr Garland .
The Reid representative later said that he had not addressed Mr Clinton directly as to whether he would appoint Mr Garland and that it was speculation .
He praised Mr Garland and said that the Clinton team would not like to ' rock the boat ' with a new choice .
Garland is the Chief Judge of the US Court of Appeal in the District of Columbia .
Reid said that Republicans blocking the nomination of Garland are Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump 's ' henchmen ' and ' enablers ' .
He said that Trump was not suitable for the post .
Treats says that the naked calendar is ' for women as well as for men ' .
The Tats magazine is working with the photographer David Bellemere to publish the calendar inspired by Pirell in the 1970s in 2017 .
But instead of naked famousnesses , they are going to find the next generation of excellence in their NU Muses calendar in 2017 .
Earlier this year , Steve Shaw , President of the Treats , told us that his newspaper with a lot of naked photographs differs from Playboy in the old school because ' Playboy is for men ' .
I do that for women .
Obviously he thinks the calendar is there for them .
" We need to start presenting the timeless and classic nakedness in which women , as well as men , feel comfortable and inspired by these naked female body pictures . "
Women want to be part of this project because it is a beautiful art .
Models can leave images online or in person at open selection events in Los Angeles and New York .
Vinyl destination : who actually buys the records ?
Lone , middle - aged men love vinyls .
Before rushing to fill up the comments with irritated insults , written by the name ' Eit'Every single middle - aged man ' , you will see that this allegation is based on real data .
According to Mr YouGov , the much - vaunted recovery of discs is not due to the fact that more and more of the people born in this millennium are inspired by the charming of physical objects , but by the middle - age fever .
Apparently those who have shortly bought a vinyl sheet are most likely to be between 45 and 54 years old .
In fact , the age group of 18 to 24-year olds who buy the most unlikely records is the one .
It is not just a question of gathering amateurs , it is an emotional issue : older vinyl buyers are a little more likely to keep their feelings ( 56 % v 53 % ) and enjoy exclusivity ( 69 % vs. 66 % ) .
But is YouGov correct ?
If this blog were a television news report , the camera would be watching me as I walk in the middle of the busy street in Soho , a modest grey suit on my head , and I would stick a lively before I stopped , I would form a cup out of my hands and I would say something authoritative , such as : ' Let us take a closer look ' .
Let us take a closer look at this .
At a time when Soh 's charming power and dirty power are slowly being removed - hotels , chain restaurants and shops , as well as office equipment shops , are filling buildings where there were previously independent movements - there are still a handful of fantastic specialist record shops .
For the next section , I would probably ask the camera to stop photographing for a moment when I stand very close to different men in some of these shops trying to assess their age and emotional perment .
The Glasgowan Stuart , 55 , which I follow from Sister Ray ( calculator : two young women , three middle - aged men ) to Reckless Records ( calculator : eight middle - aged men , one woman , probably twenty - one ) , spends his afternoon in London because of a meeting and walks around shops to spend a few hours .
I ask if he is a collector .
' Surely I am ' , he says .
I have some 3 000 or 4 000 records .
These records , which appear in the picture above ( he sent a sample by e - mail , I did not follow him home ) , cover the walls in his living room .
The reason for acquiring such a huge amount of records and singles is partly due to his available income : now he can buy records that he could not afford when they were originally published and he can buy back those he sold when he was young and moneyless .
" Much of the material I buy is late in the 60s and the early 70s , records published when there were 11 or 12 , which I am sure I was a little too young to acquire . "
He agrees that the purchasers of the records are more likely to be introverts enjoying their own club and adds : ' I do not burn or drink much .
That is my sorry . "
A 25-year - old , Wez , who works in Sister Ray , also believes that many of the clients he encounters fit into YouGov 's profile .
However , he has noticed the people in the new wave who have been affected by media enthusiasm , people who have heard that the records have come into fashion again and who have become obliged to buy their old discs back .
From the discussions I have had , people have generally got rid of their collections in 1998 or 1999 .
Customers who sold their vinyls to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to buy back their records . "
This can explain the increase in the number of vinyl wakeners at a certain age .
But what about the alleged emotional importance of the records ?
In a shop like Phonica , it takes a few seconds to realise that the record shops offer a comfort to the like - minded types of community .
According to Mr Wez , some of the older customers have been injured , in particular , by the local fee system .
Some vinyl fans can shake up in the digital world and choose to rely on the permanence of familiar recorded peoples , objects that wake up the memory of their teenage for happiness .
" Sometimes , I think it can be about filling a gap or some kind of comfort that ownership of objects creates . "
As a collector myself , I admit that this is true and I believe it is true for many people .
It is an easy way of fulfilling ideas .
' We are like their social workers ! ' The other worker suddenly said with the rest .
An opinion poll by the ICM in April revealed that nearly 50 % of people who had bought a vinyl sheet the previous month had not yet listened to it .
The survey also found that 41 % have a display which they never use , while 7 % of those who buy vinyls do not have a display .
On this point , I would probably be seriously concerned to see the news report browsing the weight of the nova collections in the bossa .
This ' award ' aspect of the wake - up call is something that Mr Jonny , 42 , who works in the Sounds of the Universe , has also noticed .
' Someone came in a short while ago and said : ' I do not have a display , but I want to buy a record of Radiohead so we can put it on the shelf ' , he says .
It is not a large proportion , but it is certainly going to happen .
More product , less music .
We have people who say : ' I do not have a recording ' .
So it is not parents , but younger people , late - minded people , who are just getting enthusiastic about it .
The Fopp , which now has almost a whole layer of vinyls , has a much more diverse audience when I arrive .
Seven - type couples , tourists taking photographs , teenagers and middle - aged women .
Although the atmosphere is less relaxed than in the shops mentioned earlier - the longest loudspeaker is Wild Beast 's latest scapegoat and sex pop , and not improvisation tazz - it is wonderful to see different customers .
None of them seems particularly lonely , but it is difficult to prove the emasculating psychological trauma by standing next to someone for 30 seconds .
Elanora , 27 , has been walking around Fopp for a few minutes looking at the various records on sale .
He is making window shopping , not spending a lot of money .
He tells us that there is not much to earn , so gathering a record is not really an option .
" It is expensive .
It is easy to listen to music , either by computer or by other means , but the beauty of the vinyl is ... ' he bears in love .
' I do not know how to explain - it is truly unique . '
My last staging post is said to have awakened a new generation of vinyl lovers : Urban Outfitters .
At the same time as I am trying to look at the parkchorts , I saw a group of teenage girls gathering around the Polaroid cameras for a moment before the father and daughter consider the purchase of the Crosley displayer .
On the left , there is a stairwall covered by the disks of Adelen , Jeff Buckley , Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac : a mixture of contemporary music and classics , the essential records of any average collection .
No one looks at them - perhaps because they are just decorations , and some are so high that it would be impossible to to touch them .
It is purely ' artistic guns ' .
But when you consider that even the smallest attention these objects receive can mean more money for industry and send a few customers to the Soho deepers to seek more , there is not much to complain about .
It will not come as a surprise that the section of the population that is more likely to have more time and more money is also the one that spends most on luxury objects , such as vinyls .
But although my findings suggest that the results of YouGov are correct , at least in Soho record shops , they do not rule out the large number of female collectors and vinyl lovers that exist in the real world , in record shops and online platforms .
These people are likely to work hard at school or in an office .
They certainly do not spend their Thursday mornings lying around the record shops of Berwick Street , browsing the records and skirting the eyes of an evading , 30-year - old artificial television present , curbing over the shoulders of unsuspecting middle - aged men .
Holker is the longest - living vertebrate animal - video report
Scientists say that holkers have a longer lifetime than any other vertebrate on the planet .
Julius Nielsen , who examined the sharks , says that the record is on a laugh , which is thought to be 272 to 512 years old and is five metres long .
French court rejects application to dismantle shops in the Jungle refugee camp
The French court has rejected the Calais authorities ' application to dismantle dozens of temporary shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp , where thousands of refugees live .
This week in court , the Calais authorities argued that the state should be able to dismantle a total of 72 temporary trade in which people in the camp sell goods from cigarettes to energy drinks , offer hair cuts or sell tea at 50 cents ( 40p ) or sell simple food for a few euros in temporary restaurants .
The Calais Prefect Office argued that posts should be dismantled because they represent a parallel economy without taxes and are a risk of fire and sanitation .
Humanitarian groups have told the Court that shops and restaurants are vital , saying that free meals provided by state - backed organisations and other groups do not provide enough food for the growing number of people in the camp .
They argued that temporary shops and restaurants often offer protection and free meals to those who need them .
The Court in Lille ruled that there were no legal grounds for evicting 72 people who run a temporary trade , but said that the concern of the prefect of Calais was ' perfectly understandable ' .
Judge Jean - François Molla said that food shops , cafés and restaurants played a much greater role than simply feeding ' people in extremely precarious conditions ' .
He said that the farms provided peaceful meetings for refugees and volunteers .
One of the places under threat of demolition was the Jungle Book Kids ' Cafe camp , which is not for profit and provides 200 meals every day , English and French hours and asylum advice for hundreds of vulnerable , lonely minors in the camp .
More than 170 000 people have signed a petition to protect children 's cafés .
In a letter to Guardian , it was said that closing a café would be a disaster for these children , some of whom are only eight years old .
On Friday , two charity organisations , Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants , estimated that the number of people in the Jungle camp has risen to 9 000 people - peak numbers - since the number of arrivals rose sharply during the summer .
Food prices in Finland are falling considerably faster than the EU average
Food in Finland is becoming dramatically cheaper to the satisfaction of consumers and to the disgrace of producers .
Food prices in Finland have fallen by almost 5 % in three years , compared to an average EU price decrease of 0.9 % .
At the same time , food in Germany and Sweden has become 1 % more expensive .
In the last three years , food prices in Finland have fallen second most in those EU countries with the same wages as Finland .
Only in Britain has the price of food fallen faster than in Finland .
The data are reflected in a written by Ilkka Lehtinen , Chief of Statistics , which was published in the Kiev & Trendit blog .
The magazine compared real prices , that is to say prices that are proportional to the overall trend in consumer prices .
The latest data will be in June this year .
At the beginning of the 2010s , food prices rose sharply .
In 2013 , prices went close to 1994 prices .
The situation was alarming .
" We were close to losing the price advantage that EU membership has brought . "
Then came the turn of events , with food becoming cheaper year on year .
The price is now being weighed down by Russia 's food import bans , which have stunted food exports from Finland to Russia .
This has led to an increase in the supply of milk and meat products on the Finnish market and to a decrease in farmer prices .
Putin 's policy has helped the Finnish consumer in the short term .
The increased price competition between industry and trade has also contributed to the fall in prices .
The S and Kesko large trading chains have both reduced their prices .
Price competition for consumers has been seen as spectacular advertising campaigns .
Nevertheless , Finland is still not a home of cheap food , despite a drastic fall in food prices .
In 2015 , Finland was the fourth most expensive EU country with wages similar to Finland .
According to the leaflet , the price of food sold in Finland is significantly influenced by VAT .
He found that if the tax countries had the same rate of VAT , the third cheapest food would be sold in Finland from the same level of pay .
He compared Finland to Denmark , Sweden , Austria , France , Italy , the UK , Germany and the Netherlands .
If the rate of VAT were seven per cent in the tax countries , only Germans and Dutch would sell cheaper food than the Finns .
" If we want to be at the level of the old EU countries in terms of food prices , VAT must be halved to the EU average and price competition must continue . "
The newspaper notes that his calculations of the rate of VAT are indicative .
School is no longer exactly the same .
Anyone returning to the schoolbench may find that there has been a change in the school during the summer .
A new curricula has been drawn up for schools , which will be introduced at the beginning of the semester in all primary schools .
It is a guide to all Finnish schools .
Schools themselves decide on the details , but the plan indicates the official objectives .
The new guidelines have been in preparation for several years and differ from the old ones in many ways .
Amongst other things , literature learning is abandoned and coding practices start in schools .
Swedish education begins at the latest in the sixth category , and social doctrine starts to be read by a quarter .
The biggest change , however , concerns the role of pupils .
It used to be thought that a teacher would teach pupils , but now everyone should be active and learn from each other .
This is an attempt to make schooling more interesting .
The longest vertebrate in the world has been found - the ice shark can live for up to 400 years
Somniosus microcephalus will only reach maturity at the age of 150 .
It will then be able to live for another 250 years , reporting a new study .
These figures make the species the longest backbone of the modern world .
In the animal kingdom , it is passed only by Icelandic shellfish , the oldest well - known individual being timed to the age of 507 .
Greenland sharks are swimming across the North Atlantic .
They also have another record : they are the largest Arctic fish .
Lambs stretch over dogs and can even grow to more than five metres .
Since the rate of growth is low , according to monitoring , only about centimetres a year , adults have lived for a long time .
But for how long ?
Julius Nielsen from the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues looked into it .
He identified the age of adult ice coats from 28 lambs that had remained in fishermen 's catches .
The age of fish was revealed by the radio - carbon timing of eye bridges .
The average age of sharks examined proved to be at least 272 years .
The two largest fish in the sample , the 493- and 502-cent amazons , were revealed at the age of about 335 and 392 .
Since previous studies have found that horse barriers only reach maturity of more than four metres , scientists calculated that they would be around 150 years old .
The study was published by Science .
Stockmann sacks almost 300 - no decrease in sales
Nearly 300 workers will be made redundant in Stockmann .
The co - operators in difficulty came to an end at the beginning of August .
" The result of the negotiations will be around 300 job cuts , most of which will be in the form of redundancies . "
It does not reduce the number of supermarkets selling so as not to penalise the customer service .
In addition , some 80 support workers are offered new jobs as sellers .
The Stockmann joint negotiations concerned some 3 000 employees .
At the start of these , it was estimated that there would be around 380 employees .
The reduction in the reduction in relation to the reduction in the population is aimed at cost savings of around EUR 20 million per year , which is due to take place next year .
Mr Stockmann has already launched an efficiency programme to save EUR 50 million this year .
Behind this is Stockmann 's difficulty in making trade in commodities profitable .
Although the group 's corrected business output improved to EUR 11.1 million in the second quarter , the trade in goods is still making a loss .
According to Mr Lauri Veijan , the acting CEO of Stockmann , sales in supermarkets have not met the company 's targets .
" Staff cuts are , unfortunately , necessary to ensure a positive business result for Stockmann Retail in 2018 . "
In particular , the success of the Lindex clothing chain was at the root of the second quarter improvement in performance .
The chain achieved its best turnover and results in the second quarter ever .
Lindex 's profits rose to € 9.5 million to € 28.1 million .
Last year , at a similar time , the whole Stockmann group had a loss of 4.1 million .
Mr Stockmann estimates that the group 's turnover this year will fall from last year .
The corrected outcome is expected to be slightly positive this year .
Friday is the most rainfall in the north - a temperature of less than 20 degrees across the country
The low pressure centre on the north of Finland is holding the weather on a rainfall on Friday , says the HS meteorologist Ilona Láng .
There are also rain deaf people in the central part of the country , but the south is rough .
The temperature is no longer very summer , as mercury is below 20 degrees in the whole country .
The rainfall in the north is 10 - 15 ° C .
Kenya 's athletics team is shaken by a doping scandal - a bizarre explanation of a coach 's temptation
John Anzrah , a Kenyan athletics coach , was sent home from the Rio Olympic Games after it became apparent that Anzrah was a national team at the doping test .
The AP news agency reported that the athlete who Anzrah sought to perform is the 800-metre star Ferguson Rotich .
Stephen Arap Soi , a member of Kenya 's national team leadership , told us that Anzrah 's identity was revealed after he had given a sample of Rotichina in a surprise test .
Doping officials visited the Anzrahi authorities to report .
I said that Anzrah was sent home because he ' committed his crimes against the Kenyan national team ' .
He appeared as a sportsman , gave a brain sample and even signed the documents .
We can not accept such behaviour ' , Mr Kip Keino , the chairman of the Kenyan Olympic Committee , was steamrollering the news agency to Reuters .
Athletics at the Olympic Games begin on Friday and Rotich is due to run right there .
It is not yet known whether the runner is aware of the consequences of the case .
Rotich was on the way to the World Cup last year for the fourth time and is ahead of the Rio winners .
According to Reuters , a source inside the Kenyan Athletics Team claimed that Anzrah was walking with the athletes ' accreditation card only for free meals in the Games village .
When anti - doping officials met him , they expected him to be a sportsman and to be tested .
The coach did not explain the situation to the officials because he was afraid of discovering " , the source told us .
Where are everyone ?
Rio Sports Stadium
Where are everyone ?
Not at least not in the Olympic Stadium in Rio , watching athletics .
On Friday , in Rio , a battle was started for medals in athletics , but the world 's top people were able to show their skills to a confusingly empty standard .
On Friday , the organisers of Rio told us that only 58 % of the tickets in the morning of the first day and 65 % of the tickets in the evening games were sold .
One was in London four years ago , where the stadium was bottling with a horrific population .
Final tickets have already been sold in Rio .
Even before athletics , athletics has attracted attention to the disappearance of the viewers of the Rio Olympic Games .
Thousands of empty benches have appeared in rugby , canoe and riding stores , for example .
When the Brazilian medal hopes of Talita Antunes and Larissa Franca played bash balloon in legendary Copacabana , only 70 % of the stands were full .
After the Brazilian couple , the Netherlands played against Russia , with 12 000 people full of around 30 % of the standards .
The bad signs are at least explained by the fact that Brazil , which is struggling with financial difficulties , is far from being a European and Asian tourist , and many of the Olympic spheres are strange for Brazilians used to football .
However , even the first match of the Brazilian football team was not able to pull out the football stadium .
Mario Andrada , the spokesman for the organisers , told us at the weekend that 82 % of the tickets had been sold at that time , which is well below the figure four years ago .
" There are still 1.1 million left to be sold " said Andrada .
Of the 8.5 million tickets for the London Olympics , 8.2 million were sold , although the tickets cost almost half more than in Rio .
In Rio , ticket prices have fluctuated from around EUR 9 to over EUR 1 000 at the opening .
More than half of the tickets cost less than EUR 16 .
At the London Olympics , volunteers and army staff were allowed to sit in empty seats , but in Rio this has not yet been permitted , because the organisers need money and try to sell tickets until the last minute .
Admittedly , in Rio , the organisers have given 240 000 tickets to schoolchildren for less well - known species such as golf and rugby .
There were empty seats in the Rio stadium this morning .
Even a coastal volleyball on the sand of Copacaba has not taken an interest in the public .
Jukka Middle Hall competed in London in 2012 .
There were people in the gallery .
New way to protect nature - acquiring the right to land
The Helsinki Foundation is involved in nature conservation by new means .
The Foundation , which was set up last year , acquires ecologically important natural areas .
Private , business and entities will then be able to take ownership of land with money .
The Foundation has acquired its first land in Lapland .
The land is virtually divided into blocks that can be acquired by those who wish to receive in return for payment .
The holder will have the right of veto in his 187-quarter - size block , which means , in practice , that not every holder will have to have the approval if the use of the land is to be changed .
Ownership rights can also be acquired for more categories .
Acquiring administrative rights is something concrete that can be left inherited or given a gift .
You do not have to go and carry banners or shackle yourself in order to protect nature ' , Mr Levivangas , who has acquired control of his company , argues .
Accurate location data will be available in the part of the branch where the right of management is acquired , which will allow , for example , a visit to the block .
On the Foundation 's website , the names of the holders will be pretty pre - empted on the same map on which the country - block details can be found .
A broad mouthpiece only sees its nature purchase as a risk that the Foundation 's activities will change from its original idea .
The Helsinki Foundation has been set up as a foundation of general interest to promote the protection of the environment and nature .
There is a risk that the Foundation will somehow be unethical or commercial , but that should not be possible .
The basic idea behind the Holiday project of the Helsinki Foundation is to protect natural areas so that they can be intact and in peace .
The Foundation acquires land either by purchase or as a donation .
It is financed mainly by the sale of property rights , but the Foundation has received its initial capital from its founding fathers .
The Foundation aims to acquire more protection countries .
It is also looking beyond Finland 's borders and is planning to import from Australia .
The Helsinki Foundation will present its activities in the pop - up forest at Helsinki merchant square on 13 - 19 August .
Bicycle thieves hit the big cities hardest - see the situation in your homeland
Bicycle thieves are the big cities in Finland that are hitting Turku the hardest .
This year , more wheels have been stolen in per capita terms than in the nine other major cities .
On the basis of the theft of bicycles reported to the police , the Helsinki Sanctions explained to the police the stolen bicycles and parts of bicycles per 1 000 inhabitants in the ten major cities in January and August of this year .
In addition to Turku , Helsinki , Oulu and Lahti took the lead .
According to police data , four to five bicycle theft per 1 000 inhabitants took place .
On the other hand , in Espoo and Kouvola , the police were only informed of about two bicycle thefts per 1 000 inhabitants .
That is a big difference .
" In other cities , duplicated thefts per capita are occurring in relation to others " , characterised by the police inspector , Tommi Ree .
The Turku police are wondering why the city is at the forefront of the comparison .
It is extremely difficult to say why Turku has stolen more wheels than elsewhere .
I have no answer to that .
" The prevalence of theft can be influenced by the level of movement of bicycles in the city and the number of bicycles in the city at all " , says Teemu Age , the Console .
The police government , Tommi Reen , believes that Turku , Helsinki and Oulu will take the lead in comparison .
The thefts of bicycles largely depend on which cities are studied and cycled .
Turku has a centre of intensity , short distances and a lot of wheels for thieves .
" Espoo , for example , is a very different type of city , where urban centres are remote and the bicycle is not necessarily the primary means of mobility " , said Reen .
In Finland as a whole , the theft of bicycles has come to the attention of the police in January and August a little less than in the same period last year .
However , there is no cause for great joy .
Despite the downturn in recent years , the police report just over 20 000 bicycle theft every year .
That means 50 to 60 fillars a day , and in Helsinki alone some 4 000 wheels a year .
" These are large amounts " , says Reen .
The reality is that the thieves take more bicycles , as only some of the victims report theft to the police .
Reen calls on people to report theft of bicycles , although fewer than one in ten cases reported to the police clears .
The typical bicycle theft that has been sorted out is one in which the police are immediately informed of theft and the thief is caught in blood .
" These cases can also be detected in other investigations when , for example , stolen wheels can be found in a drug case in a house . "
In Helsinki , the thieves of bicycles are caught on a weekly basis by the act itself or by the police investigation , as the senior Constable Timo Leppämäki tells us .
He says that wheels are stolen from cycles , inland courties , stores and bicycle cellars , for example , wherever they are normally stored .
Individual bicycle models are the ones that are most stolen , as in previous years , even .
U - lock gives better protection to the wheel than many other locks .
Some of the thieves take the bicycle for their short - term use , for example , but a large proportion of the stolen wheels end up on sale , for example via the Internet .
They remain on the domestic market .
" At least the police have not been informed that stolen wheels would go abroad . "
The buyers of stolen wheels are , according to the police , ordinary Finns .
Some may buy a stolen bicycle without knowing .
Some may have doubts about that .
The purchaser of the used wheel must be vigilant , as he or she may be guilty of a hidden offence or offence .
" The alarm bells should ring if a sound wheel is sold at a clear price " , says Reen .
Severi Hirvi , a special library officer , always carries his colourful Nopsa for his working day under the auspices of the Kallio Library in Helsinki .
He has had five pieces of wheel , but not one has been stolen , the Lord says : ' You have never been taken , you have been a good monk in that respect ' .
' Perhaps this is not so attractive to thieves , there is not necessarily a hipster value here ' , the Helsinkian monster is wondering .
At the Kioski in Helsinki , Siri Valve quickly locked his bicycle on a small U - lock .
Now the wheel sleeped to the wall , but Valve usually locks its bicycle on a fixed one , such as a bicycle train .
' There will be a lot of thought , because this bicycle is my most expensive thing ' , the Helsinki student says about his white bicycle , the body of which cost around EUR 500 alone .
' All the time , the friends tell us that wheels have been taken . '
' Mostly bad wheels , such blinkers ' .
A year ago , the wheel was stolen in the household yard .
Admittedly , the wheel had not been locked up , so Valve was waiting for it to be appropriated .
Anyone under the age of 15 will be held accountable for their crimes ?
Helsinki is experimenting with US peer - to - peer crews
In Helsinki , the so - called peer - to - peer crew will be tried out to prevent young people from falling into the spiral of crime .
Initially , the experiment will apply to people under the age of 15 who are now deprived of criminal liability .
Peer - to - peer jury teams are tackling the first crime committed by a young person .
The idea is that peer - to - peer jury talks with the perpetrator of the crime and imposes a sanction .
A week later , the perpetrator himself can join the peer crew to make up for his actions .
Other consequences may include a letter to the family explaining what has been done and what lessons have been learned .
Youth director Tommi Laitio tells us that the model is not strict .
We have other models of mediation that are used in parallel .
" Everyone is steering young people in a more responsible direction so that not everything is ruined by the first mistake " , the law says .
The peer crew has been inspired by the United States , where it is widely used .
The idea is that a young person , after his first crime , will not have to face a panel of adults , but rather react to what has happened with roughly the same age .
The model has been tried once .
Iikka Lovio , the service former of Palmmu , who followed the experiment , tells us that this was an abuse that was successfully investigated .
The first crimes , especially those of young people under the age of 15 , may not have been dealt with at all before .
" It has been a signal that you are continuing on the path you have taken " , says Lovio .
Peer - jury crew is part of the Helsinki Youth for Migrants project , which is based on the city of Helsinki and the Me Foundation .
Mr. Lovio emphasises that new policies are being offered to all those who need them , not just to young migrants .
More than 70 Republican influencers want the party to stop funding the Trump campaign
More than 70 influential Republicans are said to have signed a letter asking the party to stop funding the presidential election campaign in Donald Trump .
The US newspaper Politico , who had received a draft , was informed about it .
According to the newspaper , the open letter is addressed to Reince Priebus , President of the Republican National Committee .
The signatories want the party 's money to be channelled to the Congress elections rather than to the Trump campaign .
" We believe that the divisions caused by Donald Trump and his negligence , incompetence and unpopularity threaten to give the democrats a ballot in these elections " , says Politico .
Only the immediate deployment of all possible funds to the Congress elections can prevent the Republicans from drowning in the Trump anchor in their neck .
The letter says that the decision should not be difficult , as the chances of winning the presidential elections in Trump are diminishing day by day .
Politico writes that a letter is to be sent in the course of next week .
The signatories include politicians Gordon Humphrey , Chris Shays , Tom Coleman and Vin Weber .
One of the people who organised the letter is the Republican Andrew Weinstein , who is visibly opposed to Trump .
According to Mrs Politico , weinstein has said that the letter comes from ' people who want the party to protect its majorities in Congress ' and that it is not a question of supporting anyone .
The letter lists a number of actions by Donald Trump , which are believed to have offended millions of voters .
He is also said to have shown dangerous authoritarian tendencies .
Earlier this week , 50 officials working on national security stated in an open letter that they did not support Mr Donald Trump as President .
Clinton gives relief to families with children in the USA
In the United States , Hillary Clinton , the candidate for the presidency of democrats , gave details of his economic policy on Thursday evening .
I am trying to be President so that the US economy is doing well for everyone .
" The Donald Trump is trying to be President so that the economy is doing well for him and his friends " , Clinton said in his speech .
At the heart of the Clinton plan is a massive five - year programme of USD 275 billion to improve the US infrastructure - roads , bridges and airports .
This would be partly financed by tax increases for the rich , partly by private money .
The construction programme is a hand to the American dunars who are suffering as factories relocate to low - cost countries .
Clinton called the programme the biggest investment in high - paid jobs since the Second World War .
We are a building nation , we have to go back to building !
Clinton said .
On Thursday , Clinton also promised to make it easier for working families with children .
On Thursday he sounded Mrs Sanders anyway when she stressed that the rich should pay a fair share of the tax .
And if the company leaves the United States as a tax refugee , it must pay the departure tax , Mr Clinton said .
Today he is opposed to the Pacific Free Trade Agreement , which he supported before .
' [ President ] I am opposed to any trade agreement that works against workers or wages ' , Clinton promised .
According to speculations published by The Washington Post before Clinton 's speech , Clinton was going to criticise the economic programme announced on Monday by the Republicans Donald Trump for ' favouring only millions of this kind ' .
Clinton has previously called the ' Trump loopholes ' , as proposed by Mr Trump .
On Thursday , Clinton stressed that he was the daughter of a small entrepreneur himself .
He reminded listeners of small entrepreneurs whose bills Trump has not paid and of the clothes that Trump himself manufactures in China and Mexico .
" If he wants to make America big again , he should start by making his own products in America . "
These are Rio viewers ' figures : the Games have not glued the Finns to the boxes , but the mobile app is of interest
Normally , sporting games appear in television viewers ' statistics as sharp peaks .
So far , the Rio Olympic Games have not reached huge numbers of viewers .
At best , 12 % of the population have been glued on the boxes at a time when Tuesday evening swimming was followed by 615 000 spectators on TV2 in Yle at the same time .
By way of comparison : the European Athletics Championships a month ago attracted almost 800 000 spectators to TV2 at a time , and the European Football Cup by a good 2 million .
The Olympic species have so far been most interested in cycling on Sunday evening and the Fifth Games ' First Day telecoms games , both of which reached almost half a million viewers on the Olympic channel at a time .
The Chief of Sport , Panu Pokkinen , welcomes viewers ' figures and recalls that at the Rio Olympics , for the first time , spectators are divided into several instruments .
In addition to television , the Finns are watching the Olympic Games from Rio Areena .
We welcome the fact that a large proportion of TV viewers in general will elect the Olympic Games .
On the television side , viewers will also be divided on TV2 and Yell Fem .
The Rio Olympic Games are the first sporting games to which a whole channel has been devoted by July .
When you get 24 hours a day and see from 20 000 to 500 000 viewers throughout it , that is a good basis .
The number of viewers is lower than at the 2012 London Games or the 2008 Beijing Games , but the difference is partly explained by the time difference - a large proportion of the Rio Games in Finland arrive at night .
The second reason for the lax interest - if somebody now considers it to be lacking in interest - is certainly a traditional Finnish one : if Finland had taken a surprise metal from the early games , it would have stopped up .
In addition , sport is only just beginning , as are other species of Finnish interest : sailing and riding .
According to Mr Pokkinen , the number of viewers at the beginning has been close to expectation .
When sport begins , viewers ' figures explode .
Over , a mobile application for the Games was launched for the first days of the Games , the Yeller Rio 2016 , which rose in Apple Apple App Store , Finland , as the most downloaded free app .
By Monday , the application had been downloaded 150 000 times .
I would suggest that we are now going around 200 000 downloads .
" Only later will we have the online viewers ' figures .
Rio Areena has not acted on behalf of all users , as we would wish .
Mr Pokkinen says that feedback has come and the defects have been rectified .
There have been delays and other minor technical problems with the use of Rio Arena in the early stages .
Applications have received an updated version which should correct the errors .
The Rio Olympic Games are more visible in the channels and arena of Yle than any other sporting event ever before .
Over Fem can follow some species and on the radio , Over Speech broadcasts the Games every day .
The Olympic Games are not only perhaps the most labour - intensive on the upper hand , but also the last , which can only be followed by Yle .
From 2018 onwards , sport at the Olympic Games will be visible both on the top and on commercial channels .
How deep is Finland 's deepest lake ?
According to official statistics , the deepest lake in Finland is Päijanne , whose depths are 95.3 metres on the cross .
It may be even deeper .
Matti Kannela , a technology diving trainer , found a print of around 20 square metres in Cristisela , the depth of which the diving computer looked 104 metres .
In the summer of 2014 , the Finnish Environment Agency tried in vain to reinforce the finding by sonar .
The method does not necessarily find a small deepening in the 100 metres , as the development engineer , Jari Hakala , says .
So far , the official depth is still 95.3 metres .
Other deep lakes are Lake Inari ( 92 metres ) and Suvasvesi ( 90 metres ) .
The Saimaa , Toisvesi and the Main Lake stretch over 80 metres .
They have not been studied in the same detail as the vacuum .
In particular , the bottom of Lake Inari has not been carefully mapped .
' You may well find unknown deep roots there ' .
If the deepest lake is defined by concentration , it is the Great Lake of Juka , 23 metres .
From that point of view , you will not be in the top ten , and Suvasvesi will be even further off .
Correction of 12 August at 14.29 : The last paragraph corrected , in which the lakes with the deepest concentration were wrong .
Taxation : Pensioners ' tax burden even higher
Pensioners are still taxed more heavily than employees .
The wonderful says that this evil came to light in the run - up to the parliamentary elections and that there was a promise that the taxation of pensioners would be equal to that of employees .
There is no such proposal from the government .
In our view , it should definitely be there .
The promises made should be kept after the elections , he says to the Western MEDIA .
At the beginning of this year , employees were given reductions in employment income , which reduced taxation .
It was a heated case in the parliament for opposition representatives who cracked down on the then Finance Minister Alexander Stubb ( cook ) for election promises .
Purchasing power is secure , it is not increasing .
The line put forward by Finance Minister Petteri Orpon ( cok ) on tax cuts is , according to the International Minister , mainly about securing purchasing power , not increasing it , as next year wages will not be increased .
He says that a reduction in tax will have a positive impact on purchasing power and employment if other things do not increase people 's insecurity .
The wonderful welcome to Prime Minister Sipilän ( centre ) and Orpon 's messages about the desire to respect the hard - won competitiveness pact .
He says that it is important for credibility to stick to the Pact .
It is the most important economic and employment policy measure of the government .
It has been done by the social partners , so it should not be questioned .
It is necessary because the economy relies so much on domestic demand and people 's own faith in the future .
Tackling protracted unemployment
The wonderful appeals to the government to tackle long - term unemployment in the budget line , at least to halt its growth .
The number of long - term unemployed in June was about 17 000 more than a year before .
He says that if growth does not stop , the government 's target of increasing the employment rate to 72 % will run out .
He warns that if the challenge of prolonged unemployment is ignored , there will be a very large social downturn .
Ambassador : Finnish victims reported in the attacks in Thailand
At least four people died in the bomb attacks in Thailand last night and last night in Finnish time .
The Embassy calls on the Finns present in the country to be vigilant and to avoid the most urgent tourist areas and to monitor the instructions of the authorities .
Finnish tourists intending to go to Thailand have no reason to cancel their journey because of the explosions , but the Embassy 's instructions of caution should be followed , as Westphalen says .
In Thailand very few Finns
According to Westphalen , there are currently very few Finns in Thailand , although their exact number is difficult to estimate .
The Finnish travelling season to Thailand will take place at the end of the year .
The majority of Thailand tourists come from southern Europe and China at this time of year .
The Finnish Embassy has received some comments from Finns in Thailand via Facebook after the bomb attacks .
The Embassy has tried to seek out the Finns in Hua Hin in particular in order to find out about the situation in the city .
However , many of our contact persons in Hua Hini are absent from the city at the moment .
In general , everything seems to be well , as Westphalen says .
No information on the author
According to Westphalen , the perpetrator of the attacks is not yet known .
The Ambassador thinks that events may be linked to the political unrest in divided Thai society and to last week 's referendum on the draft constitution drawn up by the military junta .
The law was adopted in a referendum .
The referendum was not an open , democratic process .
Among other things , people were arrested who declared themselves against the law .
In the most southern provinces of Thailand , on the other hand , the ethnic - national conflict with the Muslim population , as Westphalen says .
Muslims want more self - determination .
In the past , however , the attacks have not been extended to tourist destinations .
Today in Bangkok is a great , local holiday , as Westphalen says .
He said that the city will celebrate the Queen 's birthday and mother 's day .
Transport in the city is very low .
These attacks are likely to have an impact on the course of the day , with the authorities being very careful about safety .
Thai police : Attacks are not about international terrorism
According to the police , these attacks are ' local sabotage ' and are different from the usual terrorist attacks .
Islamist terrorism is also excluded , as reported by the Thai police , according to the AP .
In Thailand , at least four people have died in the space of 24 hours , with 11 bombs exploding across the country , such as the tourist - favoured Phuket and Hua Hini .
Four bombs exploded at a tourist destination even favoured by the Finns , the holidaymaker Phuket at night , says the Thai newspaper Bangkok Post .
According to current information , they did not claim fatalities .
Two bombs exploded , according to the newspaper , in Patong Beach .
In addition , two bombs exploded in Phang Nga , where , according to the newspaper , one person was injured .
In Hua Hin , the popular tourist destination , according to the local authorities , a total of four bombs have exploded yesterday and today .
At least one died in both twin bombings .
In South Thailand , at least one bomb exploded in the village of Surat Than and in the town of Trang .
At least one person died in both attacks .
Surat Thani is also familiar to many tourists , as it transports to the holiday islands of Ko Samuin , Ko Pha Ngan and Ko Tao .
The perpetrator of the attacks is unknown
According to Prayut Chan - O - Cha , the leader of the Thai military junta , the perpetrator of the attacks is not yet known .
Bombs are an attempt to create chaos and confusion .
We must not foment more panic , he said to journalists .
According to the Deputy Prime Minister for Security , Gen Prawit Wongsuwan , the attacks on Hua Hin and Trang are at least linked .
He said to Thai BSB that the perpetrators were intended to destroy tourism in the country , as all the attacks have taken place in tourist destinations .
The Finnish Embassy calls on the Finns present in the country to be vigilant and to avoid the most urgent tourist areas and to follow the advice of the authorities .
The Finns intending to go to Thailand have no reason to cancel their journey because of the explosions , but the Embassy 's instructions of caution should be followed , as Westphalen says .
Wounded Europeans
There is so far very little knowledge of the attacks that took place during the night in Finland and of the victims .
There has been a little more information on the attack in Hua Hin last night .
It killed a local woman and injured more than 20 others , including at least nine foreign tourists .
The wounded include at least Germans , Italians , Dutch and Austrians .
In the latter attack in Hin , at least three people were injured .
Two bombs exploded near the clock tower known on the screen .
Thai PBS tells us that the police have isolated Hua Hini , where they believe they have found another bomb .
According to the provincial governor , Surat Than 's bomb was hidden in a flower bench .
A municipal worker died in the attack .
There is at least one wounded .
The Chief Police Interviewed by the CNN says that two bombs were also used in Surat Than 's attack , which exploded every half an hour .
According to Mr Bangkok Post , bombs exploded in the face of two different police stations .
United States Biles won the Women 's Quadret
Alexandra Raisman was the second of the US points 60.098 and Aliya Mustafina the third of Russia with 58.665 points .
Biles , 18 , is still aiming for telecoms championships at the Rio Games with permans , jumping and beams .
Biles has dominated the games of women at will in recent years .
During his three previous terms , he has eight personal world championships .
He has won three times in a row , as well as the beam last year and the year before .
In the US team , Biles has won two World Cups .
The World Medals in Biles have beautiful medals from jumping and bears .
Finnish entrepreneur in Thailand : ' The attack will not affect tourism '
Esa Huovila , which runs the Thai property agency in Phuket in Thailand and the children 's game club in the same property , is not concerned about the impact of the bombings in Thailand on tourism .
If there are no further attacks , then I do not think there will be anything miraculous about this , I will judge Mr Huovila , who has worked for some 20 years as a Finnish entrepreneur in Asia .
Experienced entrepreneurs have seen many tragedies in Thailand close by .
There is always something here .
First there was a tsunami , then avian influenza and last year there was a bomb attack in Bangkok .
If they have not expelled tourists in the past , this is hardly the case either .
The company 's office in Huovila is a few hundred metres from the explosive site .
He heard the attack from his own worker .
The worker telephoned about nine local times saying it is not worth coming to the office .
He says that both the beach street and the main street , Bangla Road , were completely closed early in the morning as a result of the attacks .
Many of my local workers came to work in the morning as usual .
They thought the road blocks had been put on account of the Queen 's birthday , Mrs Huovila says and refers to Friday 's holiday in Thailand .
Patong had a calm atmosphere and the main street movements were allowed to open at about 10 o'clock in local time .
Many people on the beach had not even heard of the attacks .
Half a day in Thailand 's time Patong traffic had been normalised and a large number of shops had opened their doors .
On the basis of the site of the attack , the explosion has been quite small , Mrs Huovila , who has been there , says .
This car was later seen in Crown Park at Jouxholm .
When the police arrived , the car was set on fire .
The patrol found two characteristic men hiding in nearby six .
The other man was caught straight away .
The other left , but the man was later found with the help of the police dog .
Men are suspected of theft , theft and gross injury of a motor vehicle .
The police would like to thank those who made the points .
Research Director on Russian Leadership Changes : A clear shift to one side
On Friday , Russia made the highest leadership change for many years when President Vladimir Putin sacked the head of his regime , Sergei Ivanov .
The successor to Mr Ivanov is Anton Persecution , 44-year - old of Estonia .
He is an ex - diplomat and Ivanov 's second man .
Mr Kangaspuro says that the reason for the dismissal of Mr Ivanov may be Mr Putin 's desire to prevent strong people around him from gaining too much power .
He adds that rotating managerial positions is a way of exercising power .
This is a way of preventing people from accumulating power that is independent of the President for themselves .
Mr Kangaspuro also says that it is possible that Mr Ivanov has been confronted or mocked by other leading figures .
Drop in station for Ivanoville
Mr Ivanov , who is part of Putin 's insider circle , will take on the specific tasks of the environment and transport .
Putin , with a ribbon from the state media , said that a joint decision was to be taken .
According to Mr Putin , Mr Ivanov himself had asked for a transfer to other posts and proposed persecution in his place , said Russia Today .
Mr Kangaspuro says that , from Mr Ivanov 's point of view , this is a clear drop in status .
Environmental and transport issues in Russia are not very high on the agenda .
He points out that Mr Ivanov has been one of the most important people at the top of Russian power .
In addition , Mr Ivanov has played an important role in the Security Council of the President .
Mr Ivanov worked with Mr Putin in the KGB during the Soviet Union .
He was considered a possible successor to Putin in 2008 , but Dmitry Medvedev became President .
Kangaspuro points out that the old guard , for example the governors , has recently been replaced in Russia .
A senior scientist from the Institute for Foreign Policy , Katri Pynnöniemi , says that it is more interesting than the heir of Mr Ivanov 's seat , that Mr Putin should switch to a younger entourage .
Islamist fighters used civilians as a human shield when withdrawing in Syria
They used civilians as a human shield to escape to the town of Jarabulus in order not to target them , said Sherfan Darwish , who is the representative of the Manbiji Military Council .
According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , civilians were located in hundreds of cars in which they were taken to Jarabulus .
Last week , Arab and Kurdish fighters occupied about 90 % of the town of Manbiji , which is important for Isis .
However , it is estimated that dozens of jihadists remained in the city .
Corrected news at 7 p.m. : Earlier , we wrongly reported that civilians were fleeing the city ; indeed , civilians were kidnapped by Isis fighters when they escaped from the city .
Professor : Public access to documents of the Ministry of the Interior is unlawful
The Ministry of the Interior 's line on public access to documents is unlawful , says Professor Tomi Voutilainen of the University of Eastern Finland .
He says to the STT that public access to documents can not be based on the authority 's own guidelines but is based on the law .
In the past , the Ministry of the Interior refused to hand over the list of participants in the events to Ilta - Sanomi .
The Minister justified the decision on the basis of instructions from the State Secretariat and the fact that the data had been entered in the Minister 's calendar and not in the accounting material .
The Minister for Communications tells the STT that there is a recognised need for modernisation in the Ministry of Communications .
Very often Bolt 's last Olympic display starts in Rio
As in recent years , Bolt has run against time under values .
He offended his guns from the early days and had to dismiss the Olympic qualifications in Jamaica .
It has not been perfect , but I am much better prepared .
I have made a good training and that is the key point , as Mr Bolt said at his press conference in Rio .
That press conference included low - standard ambatances and journalists who turned into fans .
Around Porina Bolt , it is clear that the Jamaican star has risen in an era when athletes have been struggling with doping scandals and sliding interest .
Bolt 's last loss at the Olympic Games came to Athens in 2004 , when he cut back 200 metres in an initial period of 21.05 .
At that time , 17-year - old Bolt was a young promise , slowed down by injury and a lax exercise .
Four years later , in Beijing , he came to power on 100 metres , crushing the world record and the self - confidence of competitors , despite the final celebrations , in 9.69 times .
This is more difficult
One year later , at the Berlin World Cup , Bolt achieved his career by the clock .
The world records of 9.58 metres and 19.19 two hundred metres born in Berlin are still valid .
In Rio , Bolt has said that he wants a world record of 200 metres and 19 seconds below , but no one believes other than Bolt himself .
In 100 Bolt 's big challenge is Justin Gatl , the 2004 Olympic winner in Athens .
Last year , at the Beijing World Cup Final , Bolt defeated the American in just one hundredths .
During his term of office in Beijing , Bolt has never lost in the final of the values if he has just travelled .
In Daegussa , 2011 , Bolt did not run the 100 World Cup final because of the deception .
Bolt will fill in just over 30 weeks ' time .
He is an old man of the species of young men , and the Rio Games are his last Olympic Games .
Bolt has put next year 's World Cup in London as its last finishing line .
These are the Olympic Games that distinguish me .
I am a parent and it is more difficult .
But whenever I am in the Down , I remind myself : this year I have to do it , as Bolt said three months ago in an interview with Sports Illustrated .
Rio : two athletes suspected of doping offences
According to Xinhua , the Chinese State News Agency , Chen Xinyi , 18 , has given a positive doping sample at the Rio Olympics .
Chen Xinyi 's doping sample found traces of banned substances .
The Bulgarian runner Silvia Danekova is also suspected of doping offences .
In addition , the Kenyan athletics coach was transported home because he gave a doping sample on behalf of the sportsman .
Silvia Danekova has given a doping sample showing signs of non - hormone .
He was situated in Rio for the fourth time in the 100 metres of women 's butterfly .
According to the Brazilian newspaper Estadao , the Chinese baron has referred its doping cases to the International Court of Appeal for Sport ( CAS ) .
Xinhua tells us that there have been signs of hydrochlorothiazide diuret in a sample issued by Xiny on Sunday .
Other suspicions of doping have also come to light in Rio .
The BBC reports that the Bulgarian female liquid runner Silvia Danekova has given a sample of doping signs showing non - hormone signs .
Kenya , for its part , has taken the athletics coach home from Rio for a doping offence .
The IOC told us on Thursday that the Kenyan coach had performed as an athlete in the course of the test and had given a doping sample .
According to the media , this is a Kenyan fast - track coach , John Anzrah .
According to the Daily Mail , he had used the cat passport of the 800-metre runner Ferguson Rotich .
Phelps will not be stopped - historic gold ended up in a show style
The most successful athlete in Olympic history , Michael Phelps , in mixing up 200 metres in the United States , swimmed into his 22nd Olympic victory in Rio .
Michael Phelps has already won 22 Olympic golds .
At the same time , Phelps was the first swimmer of the same species in the fourth consecutive Games .
Helps won 1.54.66 .
Kosuke Hagino , Japan , was second in the mess before Wang Shun , China .
I am just trying to keep a bit fun , Helen Skelton , the BBC Olympic Sleeper , laughing in a quick interview with Iltale .
The case against Helen Skelton ( right ) on Monday is one of the most readable on the evening 's website .
Next door , Commentator Rebecca Adlington .
Skelton does not have a lot of stress if there is a little bit of a rabbit in the Someland or in the British press about his revealing and extraordinary dwellings .
Television is a visual media , he emphasises .
Skelton has dressed up in high - interest shoes and in a short - term mechanism , which certainly has at least enough disclosure - for many British conservative viewers at least .
There are no backward steps , however .
It is important to look good , and small shames are just fun .
Skelton certainly wants to tinge and perhaps be astonished , but he emphasises that he does not want to play a leading role .
It is not about me , he says .
Sport is being watched here , and it must be athletes .
It should not matter so horrifically how I dress .
Can you imagine that the fuss has reached Finland ?
I can not , but anything that focuses attention on the extent to which these bathers are doing jumps and how much sacrifices they are making is for me ok , Skelton 's proverb .
Do you know what ?
It is a fuss about nothing if it comes from dressing ( the present ) .
I am a little amused if this has hit someone 's radar .
Two arrests were made by the Rio Police on suspicion of terrorism
On Thursday , the police in Rio announced that they had arrested two people for suspicion of terrorism .
The police made arrests in connection with the security monitoring of the Games .
At the same time , the police made five other arrests and interrogated two people before their release .
All suspects have been Brazilians .
According to the G1 news page , those arrested for terrorism belong to the same group of members of which the police were arrested in July .
The detainees are believed to have links with the Islamic extremism .
The detainees had allegedly fuelled violence in the social media .
Messages calling for violence had been disseminated , including by the popular Whatsapp service .
85 000 police officers are responsible for the safety of the Rio Games .
In Rio , the police blown up a dubious package
Spain and Nigeria had to start their basketball match in an empty hall on Thursday .
The police found a dubious package in a basketball arena and closed the place to the public .
The police allowed the public in after the package had been controlled .
This was the third time during the Rio Olympic Games that the police have carried out a controlled explosive mission .
The police closed the arena because of the dubious package that was found there .
The public got in after the police had controlled to blow up the package .
The public did not pre - empt the game by the start of the match because the police shut the arena down because of the dubious package that was found in the hall .
The package was blown up by the police and only then entered the public .
The cake woke up the Spanish team , which sleepfully started the games .
Spain , which started the Games on two losses , won Nigeria 's 96 - 87 points .
In the last two Games , Spain reached silver .
For the third time during the Rio Summer Games , the police carried out a controlled explosive mission .
Last Saturday , a suspect discovery was blown up by the police in the vicinity of the road cycle 's finishing ground .
Spain and Nigeria started their basketball game in front of empty watchdogs .
The Argentine Dami pumped Peter - Siren - a Finn wondered the protest
The wind on Peter - Siren was a colourful competition day in Rio .
The winds of Petä - Siren were hard hit on Thursday .
The Argentinian Dama dropped Tuuli Petä - Siren on Thursday in Rio at the opening of the day of the Surface of Women .
The wind was clearly broken .
The opponent admitted the offence .
He got bogged down because of the crash , and others escaped , the Finnish chief coach , Joakim Wilenius , told us .
The protest was long considered by the sportsman .
It was then not worth doing because it would have been superfluous under the Olympic rules .
We should have dropped into the water in order to get a reparation , Mr Petä - Siren said .
A Finn hangs on his sand until the very last because he did not want to get into the dirty water of Rio .
A Finn was left in 27th place with the collar .
In the overall context , the 2012 London Olympic silver medalist is the eighth .
In the case of the bear , the crash did not have much effect .
Friday is an important day for raising the departure from 10 to 12 .
Reworded 0.39 : In contrast to the first information , Petä - Siren did not protest .
7 peculiar issues which , according to science , prolong the age
Science has studied everything possible between earth and heaven .
These things have been proven to bring people to life for more years .
Some of the things are habits that directly or indirectly affect a person 's health , making life longer .
Sometimes , on the other hand , things that you yourself can not influence can bring you more years .
These include a tendency towards average obesity or social status .
Regular shopping can lead to longer age .
You do not always have to stumble - you only have to look for a dairy can .
A number of studies have been carried out to find out the long - term secrecy .
Medical Daily presented the seven most strange findings .
Science tells us that all these things can bring more life years .
Drinking of fish and coffee
Coffee drinking has been found to protect against some cancers , type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's diseases .
A study by the University of Harvard concluded that moderate coffee consumption is linked to a ' reduced risk of death ' , especially in relation to neurological or heart - related diseases .
Studies on alcohol show that moderate consumption - from one to three days - may lead to a longer life .
For example , one found that wine drinkers lived older than people who did not drink at all .
Regular use of toothwire can prolong a person 's life by up to six years , as a study shows .
The argument is based on the fact that this prevents infections .
They can contribute to the outbreak of other diseases in other human bodies .
A study carried out in Norway shed light on the impact of laughing on human life .
The seven - year project observed more than 54 000 people .
Those who laughed more were 35 % more likely to be alive at the end of the test .
Sex , where protection against sexually transmitted diseases is taken into account , according to many studies , is good for health .
What is more , it can also extend the age .
Unfortunately , it is not enough simply to practise sex as such .
If a person is to have a life for more years , he must also have an organism .
Of course , sport brings more years , it can not be denied .
However , achieving a long age does not require absolute insult .
Indeed , a study by Oxford University found that women with the big back had lower cholesterol levels .
They also had more Omega 3 fatty acids .
The same study combined these factors with a lower mortality rate .
Whether it is the athletes who went to the Olympic medalists or the actor who won Oscar , he is more likely to live beyond the normal pulp .
Many research has tried to find the cause of this phenomenon .
One explanation may be that an ambitious person is likely to live in a way that will bring him or her to life for more years .
Some researchers suspect that the long age is due to a person 's social status - which , in turn , makes it possible to seek confessions such as the Nobel Prize , for example .
A study of the shopping behaviour of people over the age of 65 found that a shopping person is likely to become a parent of the shopping age on a daily basis .
This is because going on in concrete shops reduces loneliness .
It has again been found to trigger biological mechanisms that could bring death forward .
So you have a credit card on your hands - net shopping does not have the same effect .
Umpihuman drink derailed in a lorry
On Friday evening , in Koskella in the real west of Finland , there was a serious crash of a lorry and a car .
The accident took place in Koskella , in the middle of Koskenti and the Sorvastosti , on Friday at 9 p.m.
The lorry had been driving in the direction of Forssa , while the newly arrived passenger car had been driven on the strip at the same time , partly in the right corner of the lorry .
After the crash , the lorry was stuck in its strait and burnt .
The driver managed to put out the fire himself .
Passenger cars were derailed and then overdrawn .
A woman born in 1972 with a car was squeezed in her car .
The injured driver was removed from the car by the rescue agency and transported to the university central hospital in Turku .
A woman 's breath test was 2.02 mg .
He is suspected of gross drink - driving .
The Post sent bulkets to the wrong city
Salon K - Citymarket 's bulk mix was flawed , as the post office had accidentally supplied part of the load to the Seine River .
Teija Haltia , who lives in the Pernium , was buying bulk carpets in Salon K - Citymarket on Thursday , when a fun sign hit in the eye .
Unfortunately , there are shortcomings in the bulk , because the post sent our load to the Seine River !
We get more when the post gets the load !
So , if you do not get a grass cut , you will get a sign .
The foxing sign of the trader is linked to the fact that last spring the Postal extended its services to lawn mowers .
The lawnmow is on offer in Post until the end of August .
Haltia found the sign rather amusing and decided to divide it in the social media .
I was amazed by the popularity of the update .
The media have been making phone calls all the time , and the attention that comes from this issue is incredible , Mrs Halti wonders .
On Friday evening , Haltia 's update had more than 700 splits in Facebook .
Haltia got its own favours stuck in a bulk bag , even though a few larks were empty .
Jaako Kaidesoi , who is responsible for the transport services of the postal companies , regretted the damage done to Ilta - Sanomi .
The background is that , yesterday , three of the five boats deceived into the wrong place ( the River Seina ) and no longer went to Saloon ( Saloon ) for three , but only today we took five laves , the Kaidesas told the Ilta - Sanomi .
It was first newspapered by the evening - Sanomat .
Mrs Haltia was not indignant because she found all her bulk flavours in a selection .
Lotta Backlund , a 30 kg eased , published a picture of his change
A comicee producer has decayed dozens of kilos since the birth of his child .
Lotta Backlund has swimmed dozens of kilos as a result of life change .
On Friday , the hotline was distributed for its change in Instagram .
In the spring , Lotta was in a fitness device and was looking for normal weight .
Lotta Backlund in 2014 .
Comedio , TV provider Lotta Backlund , started his slimming conduct as early as 2009 .
He is a total lifestyle change and has slowly slipped to thirty kilos .
On Friday , Backlund published a picture in Instagram for its tremendous performance .
The picture shows how much Lotta has changed in its appearance over the years .
The Backlund Picture Before and After Picture has gathered a number of praiseworthy comments from collaborators .
You are wonderful .
There is a lot of motivation on the same journey .
Piia Koriseva , Lotta Backlund and Mikael Saarinen were involved in the ' We are doing it now ' project .
I am terribly brandished with pictures of the sun , as one of them tells us about the same journey .
In the spring , Lotta dropped the last kilograms for the ' Let us do it now ' project .
At that time , he told the evening leaf that he wanted to finally get to the normal weight , which was ten kilos away at that time .
During the three months of decency , five kilos fell in the end .
Aspirations of the Family of the Woman Murdered in Lovisa : Remembrance of the Victim for the Benefit of Police Dogs
The family of a 42-year - old woman murdered a week ago in Lovisa hopes that the victim will be remembered not by flowers and adresses , but by a donation for police dog work .
The Facebook update has been published by the Veterinary Station in Sipoon , which conveys the victim 's family 's wish for donations in favour of police dogs .
It says that the victim had worked in Sipoo as a substitute for the Veterinary Station and had also carried out a nursing training there .
Veterinary status remembers words that affect women .
Joyful , smart , humorous and unfearful of work .
My dear friend .
It is still incomprehensible that he is absent .
The Facebook update includes an account number to which donations can be transferred .
The update mentions that all the donations go to the police dogs , primarily to the purchase of safety lines .
Last Friday , a 42-year - old Lovisian woman was murdered in her home yard in the village of Lovisa Koskenkyla .
The woman 's neighbours have said to the Iltalet that the victim was a very loved animal .
He owned a number of animals , including horses , dogs , cats , chickens and flowers .
A 27-year - old man suspected of murder knew a woman and had no connection .
The murderer was traced by a police dog Börje , who was wounded in a life - threatening case of detention .
But Börje survived and is recovering .
Post was judged by a court case for breaching the Equality Act
The postal service did not have the right to withhold the salary of a worker who refused to familiarise a temporary agency worker , assessed Mrs Kanta - Häme 's court case in her judgment .
The litigation obliged Post to pay the majority of the detained salary and EUR 2 000 in reimbursement for discrimination .
According to the judgment , the postal service could have deducted only part of the family 's salary , which was the part of the day 's work .
Under literal law , the worker was placed at a disadvantage on the basis of his trade union activities , in breach of the equality law .
The worker had complied with the decision of the Union for Post and Logistics of the PAU on a moratorium .
During last November 's post strike , the PAU took the decision not to investigate temporary agency workers who break the strike .
People 's news was the first .
Turkey to return to the path of respect for human rights
Turkey must return to the path of democratic and human rights development , written by Prime Minister Juha Sipilä ( central ) and Foreign Minister Timo Soini ( p. ) in his reply to the Journalist League .
Prime Minister Juha Sipilä ( Centre ) and Foreign Minister Timo Soini ( ps ) agree on the human rights situation in Turkey .
Earlier , in a letter from the Journalists ' Association , Mr Sipila and Mr Soini asked for their concern for freedom of expression and the press in Turkey .
Mr Sipilä and Mr Soini report that Finland has repeatedly raised the issue of freedom of the press and freedom of expression in Turkey .
Putin sacked the Head of his Administration , replaced by Estonian - style persecution
Russian President Vladimir Putin has sacked the head of the presidential regime , Sergei Ivanov , the Kremlin says .
The son of Anton Persecution , the son of Karl persecution , the Communist leader of Soviet Estonia , will be replaced .
The persecution is a 44-year - old former diplomat who has been deputy head of the presidential administration since 2012 .
The persecution will also become a member of the Russian Security Council , as reported by the news agency Interfax .
Vladimir Putin sacked the head of his regime .
According to a statement from the Kremlin , Mr Ivanov , who is part of Mr Putin 's closely insider circle , will be transferred to specific tasks in the field of the environment and transport .
According to Mr Putin , Mr Ivanov himself had asked for a transfer and proposed persecution in his place , Russia Today says .
Mr Ivanov worked with Mr Putin during the Soviet Union in KGB espionage .
Many thought that Ivanov could be a successor to Putin in 2008 , but Dmitry Medvedev became President .
Mr Ivanov was appointed in 2011 before Mr Putin was re - elected President in 2012 .
BBC : ManU 's gambling ban - not seen in the Premier League Opening
The world record man of football transfers will not be seen on the ground when the English Premier League is kicked off at the weekend .
Paul Pogba 's ban was followed by England .
The Manchester United giant acquisition , Paul Pogba , is on the sidelines as ManU opens its league against Bournemouth on Sunday , said the BBC on Friday .
ManU paid Juventus , an Italian club in Pogba , EUR 105 million in British media .
However , the FA , the Football Association of England , is keeping him out of the game because Pogba was burdened by a game ban from Juventus .
He received two warnings at the Italian Cup during the last term and it will be a ban on one match .
That ban has been transferred to England , the FA told the BBC .
The next fog in Pogba will be in the second round of the League on 19 August , when ManU will meet Southampton .
In Flow , mercenary is a virtue
Precise criteria and ambitious visions of comfort have established Flow Festival as an event of international prestige for the world 's top artists .
Flow Festival starts on Friday in Helsinki .
Fester - grapplers have typically expressed themselves with an unique dress .
One of the main artists is the punk legenda Iggy Pop this year .
The Flow Festival site will be squeezed out by , for example , fancy and art stallations .
It has never been enough for us just to be a baby and a bag , to say the artistic director of the event , Thomas Kallio .
The Flow Festival in Suvilah in Helsinki this weekend has grown from a small quartet champion to tens of thousands of visitors .
The background to success is a simple question : what kind of event would the authors themselves like to go to ?
It is quite different in what is happening to think like this .
Often , the aim is to reach the level of necessity and to act in accordance with the rules of the authorities , said Thomas Kallio , the artist director of the event .
He knew a week before the event that Flow would finish again this year .
The aim has been to increase the number of visitors to 70 000 people last year by 5 000 .
This year , too , they will see a number of interesting domestic and foreign artists .
The increase in the number of visitors is a good thing , because something needs to be done .
On the other hand , we do not want to grow too much , because at some point there would be a sheep of livestock that was run on huge routes .
That is not what we want .
In 13 years , the ideology of a successful event has been inflated with 130 performers , art stallations and numerous restaurants and drink bars in an area partially devoted to a fax .
In addition to the main platforms and smaller platforms , 15 000 tents will be the catalyst this year .
Mrs Kallio admits that it could be simpler .
Maybe I am a little nonsense , but at the same time we have been able to preserve the Flow spirit .
If it is lost , it will no longer be our business .
The greatest joy and prize for the work done by Mr Kallio is that even today , great visions are practically possible .
In the early years of the 21st century , activity was very dependent on aid from the city of Helsinki to the tune of around EUR 20 000 .
Last year , the Flow Limited Company had a turnover of around EUR 6 million .
It can create ' crises ' , such as the construction of a tent that is 73 metres wide .
The Flow visitors have typically expressed themselves with an unique dress .
Alongside the music event , we can also talk about a community of trendy young adults .
However , the event has not deliberately become particularly fashionable .
Above all , we want to be distinct from the substance .
But fashionable phenomena also fit in with Flow 's values : curiosity and a desire to interact with the environment , says Kallio .
This year , one of the main artists is the legend of the pink , the 69-year - old Iggy Pop .
He has a huge fanic in his own generation , but he is not the most typical festival linking indierock , pop music , carpets and souls .
According to the rock , Iggy was booked , as this is likely to be the last time that this will be seen in the glory of Finland .
We are all interested , history and the future .
It is not just what is being played on commercial radio .
Mr Iggy 's latest record is a penny good one , and he has done some good things in recent years .
Thai tourist paradise bombs were hidden in flower pockets - tourists fled in horror
Two bombs exploded in Hina in local time on Thursday evening .
At least one local woman died and more than 20 were injured .
Apparently , the bombs had been hidden in pockets and blown up with the help of mobile phones .
Bombs were on the street , most of whose customers are foreigners .
They were blown up at the same time as the tourists began to leave the bars and return to their hotels , according to the police representative Samoer Yoosumran CNN .
Edwin Wiek , a wild animal protector living in Asia since 1989 , referred to a telling picture of the attacks .
If you do not see the tittle properly , you can see it here .
Hua of the injured in Hin , at least 11 were foreign tourists .
They ran against me and said that the bomb has exploded with the bars .
It took place in one of the biggest bar streets , told the Swedish tourist Emelie Olsson Aftonbladet .
The next morning , two bombs exploded in Surat Than .
At least one died .
The number of injured is not yet known .
Very soon afterwards , on the Finnish island of Phuket , two bombs exploded .
Nobody was reported to have died .
At the same time , there was another double bomb attack in Hua Hin .
At least one died and three were injured .
In addition , a bomb exploded in the town of Trang .
The police reported that they had discovered at least one bomb in Hin , which had not yet exploded .
According to the Thai authorities , there are likely to be rebel forces behind the bombings who are not happy with the actions of the Thai military leadership .
According to the estimates of the local authorities , there may also be criminal organisations involved .
According to the Aftonbladet , the police have recently taken a great deal of action against criminal organizations that traffic in human beings .
KSML : This part of the new preparedness force will first leave the battle in a war situation
In an acute war situation , militants are only ordered to carry out combat missions after several months of the swearing of military oaths , as the Central Finnish say .
According to Brigadier - General Jukka Sonnise , the head of the military training , interviewed in the newspaper , for example , of the 5.5-month service carriers in a war situation , only those who are at the end of their education are warworthy .
According to the training chief , reservists will be recruited first .
No armyman or reservist will be ordered to carry out a mission for which the required training has not been provided , Mr Sonninen says .
Earlier in the summer , it became apparent that the armed forces would start training military personnel to departments of immediate preparedness from next year .
If necessary , the units can be used in military operations even during the training of military personnel .
Pamela Tola was giantly reimbursed for homehouse
The actor , Pamela Tola , and her former husband , Chief Executive , Pauli Waroma , have won a heavy dispute over the housing they bought in Espoo in 2009 .
The trading price of the double - decker separation had been EUR 330 000 .
After the shopping , however , a serious moisture problem caused a microbial growth risk to health came to light .
A couple of couples had to sell the flat in demolition in 2014 .
The sale price had dropped to EUR 132 000 , resulting in financial losses to Tola and Waroma amounting to EUR 198 000 .
A couple took the case to court and demanded a price reduction from the seller there .
The seller disputed the claim , but Tola and Waroma won the case both in the logal court and in the Court of Appeal .
The Court of Appeal delivered its verdict on Wednesday .
It upheld the judgment of a litigal court ordering the seller to pay Tola and Waroma a price reduction of EUR 150 000 .
In addition , the seller will have to reimburse the couple 's litigation and settlement costs totalling EUR 47 344 .
The right to a moderate price reduction , as some repair needs for housing had already been known to buyers at the time of the housing shop .
However , the building errors that have arisen were , according to the Court of Appeal , substantially more serious than what had been proposed .
Tola is looking for a decent home
Tola told the Court of Appeal that the couple had been looking for a decent home because they did not want to carry out repairs .
He had the impression that the building had been renovated and in good condition , and that the elements mentioned in the fitness check report would not be detrimental .
The Fitness Inspection Report mentioned ventilation as risks and maladministration and the inadequacy of the management of the rainwater and melting water that runs through rock studies .
However , it did not turn out from the discussions that this was in any way an urgent matter .
Tola and Waroma were left with the impression that the rainwater from the rock might have to be managed a little in a few years ' time .
The transactions took place in October 2009 .
In the space of a few years , it emerged that moisture problems in a dwelling were much more serious than we thought .
Audits carried out in 2012 and 2013 revealed microbial growth in the building , which , according to witnesses , were due both to the rainwater in the rock and to the rise in the land capital .
In the west , the auditor 's estimate was that the air contaminated by microbials could also reach indoors via a whisper .
The grey or carbon which allows a health risk , exceeds the limit values , was found in by - samples in the household room , in the cellar stairs , in the living room window and in the cellar bathroom .
Teraces were built without authorisation
The court also disputed whether housing had been extended in breach of building permits .
The court ruled that Tola and Waroma were not aware before the transaction of the Espoo City 's decision to make unauthorised changes to the housing .
These included the construction of patios , even though the appropriate permits were not yet in place .
Home problems , however , were at the heart of the court .
According to the Appeal Rule , buyers were able to assume , on the basis of the information they had received before the sale , that the building was suited to housing as such and that there was no need for major repairs in the near future .
The Court of Appeal did not see any particular reason to carry out a broader audit than usual .
The buyers have not neglected their duty to report , the Court of Appeal says in its judgment .
A gruesome archive discovery : hundreds of thousands of women wanted to give birth to the Nazis - including Finns on the register
Journalist Christopher Andersson writes in his recent article by Dagens Nyheter how documents on microphiles are recorded in the US National Archive in Maryland for a total of 218 500 women who all wanted to marry SS men .
The majority of women are German , but they are also Americans , French , Dutch and Russians .
In addition , at least 65 Danish , 86 Norwegian and 14 Finns and 31 Swedish women wanted Nazi Borders .
The documents and registration cards come from an agency based in Nazi Germany .
The agency was SS Director under Heinrich Himmler .
No SS man in Nazi Germany was allowed to have children until he had been examined by a SS doctor .
The same applied even more to women , who had to be able to give birth to more than 10 children .
According to Mr Andersson , gynaecological studies were carried out on women to find out .
The Race Agency explored women 's backgrounds , including by studying church books .
The intention was to ensure that there were no Jews in the women 's group .
Women also had to be prepared to give up their Swedish nationality and to make manuscripted life coefficiencies and good recommendations to the close .
The Race Agency wanted guarantees that women were ' child - loving ' , ' thrifty ' and ' good national socialists ' , who knew German well .
Women who did not meet the standards were not accepted as a SS male bride .
The case fails to tell what happened to the 14 Finnish women found in archive documents .
The SS leaders created a state - sponsored programme , known as Lebensborn , in 1936 .
Among other things , the programme stipulated that every SS man should have four children , whether married or outside .
Lebensborn homes look after children born outside marriage and their mothers .
However , the programme was not very actively promoted , as the pages of the US Holocaust Museum tell us .
Instead , Nazi demography focused on the family and marriage .
The state encouraged marriage spending by providing loans and supporting children .
The honourable German mother was awarded to women who had had had at least four children .
In Nazi Germany , marriages between ' Aryan ' and ' non - servants ' were prohibited by law , the pages of the museum state .
Sixth of Petä - Sire , Nirko rose and fallen
Tapio Nirko was the third sailing at the first departure of the Finnjolls day at the Rio Olympic Games , but remained the top of the whole team at the other day 's departure .
The church rose eighth in the overall situation after five departures , but the failure of the second departure dropped him instead 14 .
The wind , Petä - Siren , fought at the beginning of RS X - class day in places 17 and 3 .
As a whole , Petä - Siren is sixth .
In the 470-class Jonas and Niklas Lindgren remained in the place of 23 at the start of the day .
As a whole , the Lindgrens occupy 19th place .
Jari Sillanpää Satulinna was recorded with a few hours of night dreams : ' I was in my hook '
Jari Sillanpää has been a favourite artist in Finland for more than 20 years .
From the cruise ship 's bar to the Bangon king of 1995 , the best sold solo artist in Finland and the star of dance plates and festars , Sillanpa is still bulldozing , and he is currently in a wild slice .
The book on the life of the favourite singer , written by Mari Koppinen - Jari Sillanpää - was published today , Thursday .
In a book , Sillanpä talks about his life and career for good and evil .
The career of the bridgehead rose to the total boom when he won the Kroon of the Tangom in the Seina River in 1995 .
In the game , Sillanpää sang tanas , but he had already planned a little different music for himself at that time .
In the spring of 1995 , Jukka Kuoppamäki had , at the request of a man , classified a tango to Sillanpää , which Kassu Halonen agreed in a slightly different form .
That is why Satellinna became one of the most popular chapters in the history of music in Finland .
The book tells us that the recording of the paragraph did not go quite as planned , however : Silinapää sung it in a terrible scrap and only a few hours after the night dreams .
We had the festivities in the evening .
I was so hot !
The head of bridge recalls the book .
As for the recovery of the paragraph , which has become a giant slick , one would not immediately guess that it has been sung in a hangover .
Although I was not physically at my best , there was still a good trace .
I learned that it is not always necessary to claim full and top .
The second coincidence relating to the most popular paragraphs of a man , which the book describes , took place almost twenty years later .
In 2013 , Sillanpää resigned from his then partner and eventually ended up with the texts of the ' Yours ' Gold , which was published in the single in 2014 .
The book tells us that the songwords ordered from Saara Törmes were not the kind of songs that Sillanpää would have liked .
The head of bridgehead had thought they were making a record telling the true story of his own life , but the words of the separation chapter were not true ; they were written on the news of the 7 days .
In the newspaper , the divorce between Jari and the loved one was attributed to the excessive celebration of Jari and the consumption of alcohol , but , according to Jari , it was a complete trick and was not true .
Mr Jari phoned the book in an outrageous record company and refused to sing the paragraph , but ended up singing it - and well done .
In June , the British also surprised themselves by voting out of their empire .
In the end , 52 % of voters were in favour and 48 % would have stayed in the Union , although the polls in the voting week predict the opposite result .
The British economists and economic institutions were almost unanimously in favour of staying in the EU .
No research institute or university flagged for the resignation , even though one or two individual scientists wanted to disagree with the mainstream of their profession .
The basic mantra of western politics , the theme of the recent election campaign by former US President Bill Clinton , ' It 's the economy , stupid ' , fled to the scrapheap in the British vote on Brexit .
Economists were shocked when their voice was not heard .
They were shocked when the economy did not appear to be the main issue in politics .
Economic dogma
The Centre for Macroeconomics , in its last monthly questionnaire , squares with professional responses to the Brexit disaster .
The most typical answer is that the economists were not listened to , because this time the voters took a decision on non - economic grounds .
One of the economists ' explanations for the loss of economic status is that people do not understand the economy .
Many still have the illusion that the number of jobs is independent of the number of people in work , which is almost standard .
If an immigrant gets a job , it is the right Briton .
Many people also have the impression that a depreciation of the currency would be a good thing , as it promotes the export industry .
In the opinion of the Economist , the voters did not believe in the economic arguments , as the consensus of the economists was not sufficiently reflected .
They were challenged , in particular , by the BBC 's equity , which gave as much room to economists of just a few per cent of the economists of the EU 's difference as to the overwhelming majority .
The EU - hostile press was not interested in telling us what it thinks of IFS , IFM , BoE , CEPR and LSE and other combinations of economic powerbooks about the consequences of the divergence .
Those distant combinations of letters talked facelessly about economic growth , trade relations , sovereign debt and currency .
And if the economists ' messages were both listened to and understood , they were not communicated , because the economists represent an elite with which the voters do not feel they have a common interest .
Academics in large cities , such as economists , would have remained in the EU , but in small towns and rural areas the message did not work .
Immigration is also an economy
The overwhelming argument of the Brexit vote was about immigration .
The immigrant takes your job , the immigrant congests your hospital , the immigrant exploits you .
These arguments did well .
Every café has foreign workers .
How many more jobs would the British have if they left ?
Every health centre in the waiting room sees immigrants .
How much easier would the British be given doctors if they did not ?
Every school includes the children of immigrants .
How much easier would it be for the real British children to get a place at school if they were got rid of ?
Foreigners live in every municipality .
How much more room would the indigenous people have if they were to disappear ?
I think these are economic issues .
They concern jobs , housing and public services .
However , the economists failed to respond to them and , if they did , their responses were not visible .
Economists failed to explain that , thanks to immigrants , Britons will have more jobs , fewer health centre queues and more money for education and social security .
Immigrants - and , in particular , immigrants from the EU - are net contributors to British public finances and their consumption creates jobs .
Aberdeen real estate fund prepared for Brexit in cash
One of these funds was Aberdeen Asset Management , whose property is invested by Pertti Vanhanen of Finland .
In Aberdeen , he said , Brexit was prepared in time for A and B plans .
A few weeks before the vote , plan B , the victory of the ' yes ' camp , began to be more precisely anticipated in case the result was a ' no ' vote .
The concern was that investors would start withdrawing their assets from the market .
The real estate funds do not normally have large liquid assets , but they could now be necessary .
We did our homework to increase cash .
When Brexit took place on the 23rd day , we had 25 % of the fund 's investment in cash or liquid assets , Mr Vanhanen says that Aberdeen is the only open - ended daily real estate fund that was the subject of the news .
According to the old man , the normal level would be between 15 % and 20 % .
The fund was worth GBP 3.5 billion at the time .
In total , the company 's funds are worth around GBP 20 billion .
It was the highest in the nine open real estate funds , Mr Vanhanen says of all the open real estate funds in the UK .
He estimates that the lowest cash volume in these funds was 10 % or even below .
The real estate funds were therefore prepared for Brext with very different strategies .
Funds closed trade
When the EU difference camp won , Europe was confused .
In the real estate market , however , less than two weeks of voting were quite calm , Mr Vanhanen says .
Then there were two things that changed the situation .
The first was a speech by Mark Carney , President of the Bank of England , in which he considered that Brexit could be a major risk for commercial real estate operators .
In addition , the first of the real estate funds , Standard Life , froze its trade .
Together , they blocked the situation and made the case the headlines of the Financial Times and the BBC .
The situation was immediately compared to 2007 and 2008 , Mr Vanhanen says .
This caused anxiety among investors .
Institutional investors remained calmer , but private investors were nervous .
The snowball started to bicycle , and one fund after another had to close its doors .
The situation in Aberdeen was good because of the cash collected , but it too was ultimately forced to freeze its trade for six days .
According to the old people , they did not actually close the trade , but changed pricing downwards .
In practice , investors were given time to consider whether it would be worthwhile to pull the money out of panic .
The message from Aberdeen was that if you are not now forced to take your money out , it will not be worth it , because it would be a loss .
It calmed the situation and the majority withdrew the announcement .
Since then , it has been very steady , and now the market has been very calm for a few weeks , Mr Vanhanen says .
He points out that there has been no such upheaval , for example , in the continental funds of Aberdeen .
However , there were a lot of enquiries .
Disproportionate attention to real estate funds
Mrs Olden said that the closure of trade in real estate funds attracted undue attention .
Open funds affected by the closures control around 4 % of British properties .
Aberdeen 's closure lasted six days and the company sold out less than ten of its 80 property in London .
Some other funds are still dependent .
Aviva Investors warned its investors this week that it could keep its fund in 2017 .
At the moment , there is uncertainty in the air and economic growth projections have been pushed down , but the situation does not look " worse " for Aberdeen .
The main issues now concern the future development of the British economy .
Despite the uncertainties , the situation has even given some real estate investors new opportunities , Mr Vanhanen points out .
The value of the pound and the dollar is at its weakest level for 30 years , and there is also a 15 % cut in the market compared to the pre - Brexit period .
The dollar buyer can now buy the same property at up to 30 % cheaper .
There are many buyers who want to buy , Mr Vanhanen says .
Brexit brought mines to the London property market
Two mornings , the situation did not look very strange yet .
But four times when Pertti Vanhanen , who is responsible for the real estate investments in Aberdeen Asset Management in the UK , woke up again to see the results of the Brexit vote , the situation was different .
After all , the word ' power ' was there .
I realised that this is now on the side of plan B. Mr Vanhanen says in his second home in Helsinki .
He immediately set to work .
The City of London was already alive in the morning .
The offices were usually voiceless TV screens , and the normally noisy people were completely silenced when Prime Minister David Cameron came before the camera this morning to tell his resignation .
When the market opened , the screen terminals went on red .
It was a morning that Mr Vanhanen says he would never have thought he would live on .
Nor is it because , despite the turbulence , Aberdeen , one of the largest British real estate funds , finalised two real estate transactions on the day after the Brexit vote .
The atmosphere was confused .
However , the company had made good provision for the option , which is why the situation was , in a sense , calm , Mr Vanhanen says .
Brexit vote started the correction movement
The vote was followed by a storm .
The pound collapsed , the British leadership went to change .
The market started to predict drastic bills for the British and , in particular , London property markets .
As much as 20 % minuses were foreseen for office premises in London in the coming years .
Soon , a number of British real estate funds started to freeze their trade one after the other .
Aberdeen did so for six days .
Now the poison has fallen , but uncertainty is still raging in the air .
However , it does not appear to be the last summer holidays this week in Helsinki in the face of Vanhanen .
He thinks it is still far too early to say a lot about the consequences of Brexit .
So much remains to be done : how will the difference be made and how Scotland will react , for example .
The first information on developments in the London real estate market has already been received .
CBRE , a service company in the real estate sector , has data on price developments covering about a third of the market .
According to these , prices for all real estate in London fell by 3.3 % between June and July .
In the City of London offices , I accumulated 6.1 % , Mr Vanhanen lists .
The figures are not so terrible , but they are monthly changes .
The monthly index began to be published in 1987 , and only five months have seen worse figures , Mr Vanhanen says .
All equally large falls hit the crisis years 2007 and 2008 .
It is also interesting because Brexit was very quickly compared to the collapse of Lehman and the global economic crisis that began with the US property market .
Mrs Olden does not think the comparison is entirely appropriate , as this is a British domestic crisis .
The mood is different .
The real estate market has not seen the sort of panic sales we saw at the moment , but a willingness to sell for liquidity , Mr Vanhanen says .
There is normal funding .
The repair movement could have been in the offing anyway .
In fact , the price correction movement is not a miracle to him - it could have been in front of us without Brexit .
Aberdeen estimates that real estate prices in London and other world cities have been too high for years .
We have been saying for two years that the City , and especially the offices , are overpriced , Mr Vanhanen says .
So the drop really started high .
London prices have risen for four reasons , the Vanhanen List .
The British economy has grown strongly , as have the people of London .
The second big trend is that buildings are the last category of ownership to be globalised , Mr Vanhanen says .
New players have come from the Middle East and Asia , and more and more institutions and private investors are looking for property investments abroad .
London is an easy destination , as a well - known city .
Moreover , prices have been fuelled by low interest rates , which have forced pension companies , for example , to look for profits from new sites .
On this side , there has been easy access to loans - although , according to Mr Vanhanen , debt leverage has now been used considerably less than during the 2008 boom .
Decentralise , decentralise
Price increases in London stagnated last summer , Mr Vanhanen says .
Aberdeen , too , started to ease its ownership in London , and last year there was a net seller .
There was some kind of turn , and now it came .
What will happen from now on ?
It depends on how the British economy develops , Mr Vanhanen says .
He does not dare to judge for the future , but he says that there is hardly any boom .
The atmosphere suggests that we are facing falling or steady expenditure .
Mr Vanhanen has already seen more shops up and down because he has been in the real estate sector since 1988 .
And he is still an optimist who believes that the bursts can be overcome by work .
If you are well prepared for the risks , you are in a better position .
He believes in global decentralisation .
If you have invested in one market , you have too many victims .
If you have decentralised , the risks are also spread , Mr Vanhanen says .
S will start registering shopping data more closely
Soon , the S Group will know what they are eating , because today the trading group said that it was starting to gather more detailed information on the purchases of its flyer customers .
Once the final amount of the receipt has been collected so far , at the beginning of May the group will also start to shark it for the products purchased .
The S Group is lagging behind Mrs Kesko , because data on goods purchased with plus card has been collected in the Kesko customer register for a couple of years .
According to Mr Ismo Riitala , CEO of K - Plus Oy , feedback on the programme has been largely positive .
Product - specific data will be collected with the customer 's consent and used for marketing under licence .
The most efficient channel is e - mail .
Quite a few customers have banned the use of product data , Riitala tells the economic sandoms .
He said that Kesko is not going to react to the change in the registration of the S .
Amongst its frequent customers , it is already 10 groups according to food shopping alone .
The classification is updated on a monthly basis .
Roller customers will also be classified according to the number of purchases and the amount of money spent on them .
The data will be used for targeted marketing .
Product - specific purchasing data are only gathered from Group K 's own chains .
Partners such as Neste Oil , for example , do not give up their data .
Lidl Finland does not have a frequent - flyer programme and is not currently planned .
Finland 's local shop has its own Ykkösbonus frequent flyer programme , which can be linked to selection houses , Siwoi and Euromarkets .
At the moment , we do not collect data at product or product level ; we keep to the final amount .
In other words , we know in which shops the purchases were made , on which day , and the customer received the final amount .
We have not gone to the level of the D or S Group , as the commercial leader , Anu Ora , says .
He says that the frequent - flyer programme is to be reformed in the future , but the local shop will tell us later .
However , the squirrel does not promise that product data will be registered .
Initially an experiment
The SOK Customer Owners ' and Customers ' Registers have been relatively extensive up to now .
Basic data include not only personal and address data , but also professional , education , form of housing and children 's birthdays and previous personal data .
People in the same economy and their role have also been registered .
S - Card purchase records the day and time of purchase , place , total purchase and method of payment .
In addition , the data of the S - Bonus partners is available from their cash systems .
From the beginning of May , purchasing data at product level will be stored in the Socos and Emotion chains .
Instead , for the time being , data will be recorded in S markets , in Prismoi , in Terro and in the ABC chains at product level .
For a long time now , customers have been hoping that marketing could be more targeted , says SOK Customer Owner and Partnership Chief , Marjana Saarikoski .
The SG Group says that it will inform its customers of the change .
These may prohibit the use of product - specific data for marketing .
However , the data will be stored in the coffers anyway , whether you like it or not .
Anyone who is willing to check their deposited data on the S Group 's website can do so .
For example , the treasuries do not have access to the data , and Mr Saarikoski emphasises this .
Video : Heila penny is the latest confirmation of dogs in customs - the penny becomes the first explosive dog
The black labrador trainer 's pentu is burning vigorously five similar line boxes at Helsinki - Vanta airport .
It will not be long before it sits resolutely beside the middle box .
Customs inspector Lassi Suntio is rewarded by his Heila dog to play it with its favourite toy .
The box , next to which Heila sat , revealed crane corves for rock gas .
Powder gas is the first smell that has now been trained with Heila , as the owner of Suntio , the Heila dog .
Security situation and online shopping - main causes
Heila is the first Customs dog specialising in the search for weapons and explosives and will be located to work at Helsinki - Vanta airport next year .
It may take Heila and Suntio to other crossing points and ports if necessary .
However , the airport will be the main job in Heila , as the international security situation has changed due to the serious terrorist attacks in Europe .
The attacks in Paris and Brussels provoked measures in Customs and , following the attacks , controls have been strengthened , says Mikko Grönberg , the Customs Chief Auditor .
The second main reason for training the dog of arms and explosives in Customs ' tasks is mail transit through Helsinki - Vanta .
As a result of increased Internet trade , up to 40 million mailings pass through the airport every year , including arms and explosives ordered abroad .
Customs have in recent years found findings on arms , arms parts , ammunition and explosives and their precursors , out of the shopping on the Internet , passenger aeroplanes ' luggage and air cargo at Helsinki - Vanta airport .
They will be working around Helsinki - Vantaa .
It will examine registered luggage and mail .
In ports , it will be of great benefit in the future if it can go through the large container areas and identify the regions that require further research , say Grönberg .
On the basis of Heila 's performance , Customs will judge whether there will be further training of guns and explosives dogs in the future .
Mrs Grönberg is hopeful of the idea .
School in Church Dummella
The Heila penny is coordinated by the Customs School of Dogs in Kirkkonummi .
The Sunto is also visiting experts from the police and the armed forces to train with Heila .
The police have strong experience of training dogs and the armed forces have expertise in explosives .
The customs will decide , together with the other authorities , what smells Heila will be taught to identify .
Further education , wherever necessary , says Grönberg .
Heila 's colleagues in Helsinki - Vanta are the six Customs drugs dogs and the money and drugs dog Mass .
Heila , the Labrador Counter , has been selected for a ten - penny penny .
The criteria for selecting a dog to choose at the airport include hunting and hunting , as well as calm , as the dog is dealing with arms , explosives and flows of people .
Heila , who lives at home in the State of the State , is a close working cabinet to the customs inspector , but also a family member .
Nothing can be done without Heila at home , Suntio will laugh .
Discreet orders go to Heila once and for all .
The cameraman of the evening songs loses a camera for a fast dog , but Heila will restore the shelter from a soft toy immediately on the order of the ' disassociation ' .
Fierce competition for working dogs
The initial education in the heil will be completed next year .
There are still level tests to be carried out , next in October , to assess whether training is sufficient to perform demanding jobs .
Heilan will be able to see in Helsinki - Vananta next year if everything goes as planned .
Unfortunately , passengers can not turn up the hardworking dog , like Suntio .
The cost of one working dog to customs is between EUR 6000 and EUR 7000 per year .
They have a working age of about seven to eight years , up to ten , after which they retire in the care of their owner .
It can be long working days , from eight to ten hours , but active working hours last from just ten minutes to a couple of hours .
The ownership of work dogs in Customs is fierce .
Heila was owned by some 20 to 30 Customs employees .
The good fortune for Suntio , who has not had a working dog in the past , but who has had years of experience of dogs and of monitoring tasks in Customs .
The mini - state received its first Olympic Medal - the people will have a holiday
The Olympic Gold in Fiji , with less than a million inhabitants , is held in rugby so high that the government has set 22 August as a national holiday .
According to the country 's broadcasting company , the Fijian Government confirmed this after the championship had been resolved .
The holiday will be the day after the team returns home .
There are also ceremonies for the heroe team in their home country .
Fiji 's rugby team celebrated the championship .
The Guardian tells us that the final was followed in the country 's capital , Suva , where a screen had been erected in the stadium .
Normally only the native Fijians are interested in rugby , but this game united our multicultural community .
Even the Chinese restaurants were watching the game , I heard them encourage it , said the journalist of Fiji Times to Maikele Seru Guardiani .
Drama in Rio
Milko Tokola , the spotlighter , succeeded in his last attempt of 175 kilos after a hard battle .
Tookola has a special and life - threatening feature to life .
During tough lifting , or immediately after it , he has stepped down several times .
Nobody really knew why .
In Rio , Tokola obtained 175 kilograms and 145 kilos from the scheme .
His joint result was 320 kg .
Tokola tried to get 175 kg of its work at the latest , as it did each other .
The third company was able to make a big board .
The Kroppa went under the weights until the jury approved the lifting .
The rejoicing of the Finnish brilliant was that he had suffered knee - jerk problems .
RoPS acquired Estonian invader Prosa - Veikkausliiga - Ilta - Sanomat
Rovaniemi Palloseura , who is playing in the Football League of Men , has concluded a durable contract with Albert Prosa , an Estonian aggressor at the end of the period .
We are looking for a leading player in our team with a powerful presence and a small threshold to come to Finland and Rovaniemi .
We visited more than 50 players around the world with more than ten players ' agents .
Little by little , ROPS coach , Juha Maline , began to resign .
Prosa , 25 , arrives in RoPS from Standard Flora , where he made a total of 51 paints at 109 matches .
He has also played in the Estonian national team .
As long ago as Saturday , RoPS is due to join the Rovans in the Seine River , where Romanians meet the ruling Finnish champion SJK .
The need for ROPS was created for a new aggressor when Alexander Kokko , the Main King of the last term , moved to Australia .
The Modern Family Star is shocking again : the Shorts of Teenage Stars reveal almost everything
Ariel Winter , familiar with Alex Dunphyna as the gold in the modern family , is again blowing up his body with a threat .
Winter was described in Hollywood this week in minishorts , which leave little to the imagination .
The Shorts revealed not only the feet of the actor , but also this backside .
The 18-year - old Winter has recently attracted attention by changing his style and behaviour to a much more courageous one .
Stars have played in very few clothes in their social media pictures and taken many tattoos .
A young woman has also been seen to dress in very scarce houses .
Winter , on the threshold of adulthood , has also recently published several pictures of himself celebrating .
If the picture is not shown , you can see it here .
Earlier this summer , Fox News asked the experts why Mr Winter has radically changed his image .
The founder and CEO of PowerwomenTV , Amy Palmer , suspected that Winter was undergoing a " typical Hollywood change " as a child star .
He has been on television almost all his life and has grown up in the Cardashian era .
He has learned that the more we show the surface , the more publicity and attention we get in Hollywood , Palmer says to Fox News and adds that exactly the same phenomenon has been seen countless times before .
Winter started the Modern Family Series when he was only 11 years old .
The actor has outraged some of his long - standing fans with his image change .
It is not difficult to guess where she will be in ten years ' time , when the downturn is already so tough , to say a woman in Winter 's Instagram .
On the other hand , some of the fans of a woman excuse the actor and advise against criticism .
Look wonderful !
Exactly the same thing is said by others .
You are an inspiration for many women , and a young woman is eating up .
The Japanese prefer the Nordic countries to Finland - tourists are attracted by revontule : in the autumn , you can see a chance mirror aurora .
The campaign is intended to attract the Japanese to start revolutionary trips as early as the autumn , says Visit Finland .
Inari and Levi are the main targets of Japanese revolutionary tourism .
Fireworks are the trump cards of our winter tourism and are strongly linked to the heartwinter and snow landscapes .
There is a good demand for winter revolt trips in Lapland , but we are now trying to increase the sales of autumn journeys .
Few know that the revolutionary song starts from early autumn and goes on well into the spring .
In the autumn , it will be possible to see the so - called mirror aurora , where the surface of the lake is reflected by revolt fires , making a show twice as haphazard , and says Anne Lind , the acting marketing chief of Visit Finland .
The main target group of the Visit Finland Revolution campaign is the wealthy 25 - 35-year - olds , the Japanese women living in the city , who dream of tourism and new experiences .
They are already interested in Finland , its nature and its design .
Tourists are attracted to Finland , for example by online advertising .
According to a survey carried out by scientists from Aalto University and Turku and Tokyo , Finland has an exceptionally strong and positive image among the Japanese compared to other Nordic countries .
However , the Japanese would like to see more unique visions of Finland , where , according to Mrs Lind , the revolution has enormous potential .
Japanese travellers have seen a marked increase in overnight stays in Finland compared to other Nordic countries .
Last year , they stayed in Finland more than doubly higher than in Sweden , Denmark or Norway .
The Japanese are an interesting target group for Finland 's tourism , as they spent more than EUR 80 million in Finland .
On average , the Japanese spent EUR 183 a day in Finland , Mrs Lind says .
Britain is content with a rugbyhopean at the head of the Championship organised by Fid
Great Britain 's impressive progress in rugby tournament collapsed in the final challenge presented by Fiji on Thursday evening in the final , when the team suffered a 43 - 7 crushing defeat in the Deodoro stadium here in Rio .
Fiji organised a championship in the processing , curses , estuaries , support games , running lines and shell to win gold - their first Olympic Games .
The defeat was accompanied by a reasonable comfort from the silver medal - the third of the British day - and they were proud of their hard work at the start of the Olympic rugby , which they won in New Zealand , Argentina and South Africa .
The hard 7 - 5 victories of the seminal that was played on the same day from South Africa could bother them in the final .
However , in this condition , Fidi would have won a team of 15 people , even a team of top quality .
Perhaps - but probably not - Britain can be comforted by the fact that at least one Briton has a gold medal in his neck tomorrow : the main coach of Fiji is Ben Ryan , the former boss of England in Wimbledon .
It has been a considerable journey for Britain .
Eight years ago , they , trained by Ryan , lost every game in the Adelaide tournament .
Here they lost only one .
This backbone happens , but the developments are striking .
Fidi made an excellent start in fighting the British tactics for fun .
To Captain Tom Mitchell and his teams , he was as if he had runned buses in circulation , and the world champions led 5 - 0 after Osea Kolinisau drove a bus in the paint .
With four minutes at the clock , Jerry Tuwai 's second edge on the right side of the clock led to a paint kick .
12 - 0 , and Great Britain barely touched the ball .
Mitchell 's splendid tailback stopped Mount Leone Nakarawa from making a third paint , but for Fiji it was only slow .
For seven minutes , Jasa Veremalu was painting in the right corner , and Great Britain was losing 17 - 0 .
Nakarawa has painted yet another start , and the clock was still over a minute ... half way through .
Vatemo Ravouvou then crashed through the loose tactics in Great Britain and rushed to the point of painting .
After the paint kick , the situation was 29 - 0 .
It looked as if Fidi had been born to play rugby , while Britain was only just learning the game .
And that is how it is .
Great Britain took a break which blocked the Fiji dam for a whole of four minutes , which , compared to the first half , was good until Josua Tuisova painted the paint after the impressive feed - in game in Fidi .
Dan Norton stuck a gal to Britain in the left - wing corner of Touchdown and narrowing the situation to 36 - 7 , but the game had long been lost to the islanders of the South Sea , whose supporters sung , waved flags and danced in the standards .
It was difficult not to admire Fiji 's joyful approach .
Mata Viliame 's last - minute goal had a loading in the cake in Fiji , which did not need to be rolled .
The whistle was whistled , the Fidians walked and Great Britain fell to the grass , beaten completely .
Earlier on the same day , Fidi had beaten the Japanese seminal 20 - 5 , and Great Britain won a tight South African seminal where both scored one goal - the British paint - solved the game .
Kyle Brown led South Africa at the first half , but Dan Norton crossed the goalposts with scandalous footwork and painted the paint at less than the second half .
The great late baggage from Marcus Watson , a brother of the Fifteen - Arm Rugby team Anthony , secured a victory and eventually a silver medal .
Coach 's fight against cancer triggered a rowing victory for Helen Glover and Heather Stanning
There will be no more emotional gold in these games , and that really means something .
In the first appeal to the last , 220 tough racks towards the history books , Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found in their golden moment the Estacio da Lagoa had a deeper meaning .
Even though they rowed twice , the boat had three votes ; the echo of the coach , Robin Williams , was present all the time , when the two contested their second consecutive Olympic gold in the women 's couples ' contest - the first women in the history books of sport in Britain , which have achieved such a success .
Their management was perfect , and this was their 39th unvinceable , which is also record .
What we see , two wonderful sportsmen and women , with swan clouds , does not fully reflect the nature of profit .
Behind every rowing gull , there is a group of helpful handcrafts that progressively promote what matters , and no hand was as relevant as the coach who , 30 months ago , after receiving a cancer diagnosis , knew whether he would live to this day .
As he said , the situation was close .
I had bladder cancer , which is one of the things that can be cut , and they carried out the operation .
If they do not make cuts , it will spread everywhere .
The situation could have been rather bad .
That will change your mindset a little .
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013 .
The triangle was fortunate that it was possible to start treating him at the beginning of 2014 outside the period when they caused as little disruption as possible - if that term can ever be used in situations like this .
I had to get a salary , so I had to recover quickly .
It encouraged me .
I was in hospital and walked around the department - 20 , 30 , 50 feet at a time when they said that a few steps would be enough .
That is how it started .
Haggling in itself is a journey , but it makes it a little bigger .
Immediately after the victory , the first few thoughts were those of Williams , who had been nervous this morning , and he had spoken a little more than usual to try to deal with his own nervousness .
Stanning , the experienced captain in the royal artillery regiment in Afghanistan , said : ' I have been an emotional rub this week , which may be a little overreaction , but it means so much to me . '
It just underlines how important this is to me , how hard I and Mr Helen , and Robin too , have worked .
Three years have gone by with Helen and Robi .
Without Robin we would not have anything , so thank you very much , he is the best coach in the world .
I could not have imagined a better traineeship partner or a better coach .
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost the competition for five years .
A couple set a heavy rhythm that their competitors did not meet .
Even on the last 500 metres , when New Zealand and Denmark 's teams began to approach , Stanning and Glover had too much energy in storage .
We were very close in a moment .
Helm 's cry ' stay in the process , stay in the process ' .
It is really important to keep control .
We had a good start and , at the same time , we did not try to do anything specific .
We did not look for fireworks today , we only sought good ringing and winning the game , and we did so .
One or two waits a year before deciding on their future .
Next month , Mr Glover will take part in the wedding when he marries the TV adventurer Steve Backshall .
Right now he just wants to enjoy a moment .
" I did not want to say that this is my last competition .
It would have put too much pressure on it .
After London it took about six months to realise that I was the winner of the Olympic Games .
Everything was so new and I was so stressed .
Here it lasted about four minutes .
That seems so much better . "
Iceland to change its Panama - torn government
Iceland is holding early parliamentary elections in October , as demanded by the outraged demonstrators of the Panama leak as early as the spring .
The so - called Panama papers revealed that a number of Icelandic politicians have evaded taxes through tax havens .
Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson resigned because of the scandal , but that was not enough for the demonstrators .
His successor , Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson , promised to hold new parliamentary elections in the autumn .
The date of the elections has now been set for 29 October .
According to the analysts , it is difficult to predict how much the fury of the people last spring will affect the election result in the autumn .
In June , the presidential elections clearly demonstrated the criticism of those in power and the election of a non - political candidate , Gudni Johannesson , as President .
Trump said he was Sarcastic in claiming Obama founder Isis
The US Republican presidential candidate , Donald Trump , withdrew his latest horrors .
He said that he was sarcastic in claiming that the incumbent President , Barack Obama , was the founding father of the terrorist organisation Isis and a candidate for democracy , Hillary Clinton , too , to be part of the founding of the organisation .
The Democratic Party was outraged by the speeches and demanded an apology from Mr Trump .
No one should ever be allowed to become Chief of the Army who can sink down about , Mr Clinton referred to .
In the south of France , the Mayor of Cannes has banned the use of the Muslim preference for covert burkin bathing beans at bathing sites , as reported , for example , in the British newspaper Guardia .
The decision signed by Mayor David Lisnard states that anyone who does not have a good habit and a secular bathing tree is banned from going to beaches and bathing .
The decision also states that swimming populations with a large profile of religious links can increase the risk of public disorder in France , which has been the subject of terrorist attacks .
In mid - July , 85 people died and hundreds were injured in Nice , when a 31-year - old man drove French National Day into the crowd .
At the end of July , two extremist men linked to Isis attacked the church in northern France and killed a priest over 80 years old .
The quality of the Oulu area bathing water passed the seal - Blueweed in Lake Park
Water samples taken from official bathing areas in the Oulu region meet the quality requirements for bathing water .
Only the beach in Lake Pykös has detected blue - weed .
During Tuesday and Wednesday , the environmental action in the Oulu region took water samples from nine EU beaches in the Oulu region and 30 other general sites .
Apart from the beach of the seawater , the concentration of the E.coli and intestinal enterococcia bacteria in all bathing waters was below the limits set by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health Regulations .
The E.coli and Enterococc concentrations in seawater were verified on Wednesday , when the content of bacteria had fallen below the operational limits .
Blue - algae detected at the beach in the lake of water does not yet make it unsuitable to bath , but in favourable circumstances the situation may quickly turn into blue - algae so that the water surface becomes blue - green algae ferries .
The environmental measure monitors the situation by means of reinforced controls .
If blue - wedding turns into blue - clover , the case will also be notified separately on the bathing site 's notification board .
See the results of the bathing water samples here .
Hakkarainen of MTK forest gifts : Over 80 % of forest owners outside
The reduction in forest gifts is one tax change in next year 's budget proposal from the Ministry of Finance .
Income Tax Law , a tax deduction is proposed to be granted on the basis of a gift tax on the change of forest farms .
The Finance Ministry 's proposal has four objectives : to promote generational conversion of forestry holdings , to improve the age structure of forest owners , to increase forest size and to increase the supply of wood .
The ministry 's aim is to promote entrepreneurial forestry .
A forest owner would reduce the pure capital income of forestry .
Generally speaking , the idea of making a tool of this kind to promote generational change in forestry farms is a good one , commented by Mr Hakkarainen , the forest leader of the Federation of Agricultural and Forestry Producers ' Confederation ( MTK ) .
However , the hackleman finds some criticism in the proposal for a tax change .
Forest gift reductions are proposed as the sole income of the forest owner .
It is a capital income from which all other reductions have been deducted .
The MTC and Hakkarainen believe that the effectiveness of the tax reduction would be greater if the deduction could be made directly from the sales of wood .
The VM proposal is based on the premise that , by making a reduction in the pure capital income of forestry , it will prevent a loss of capital income for forestry , which should be deducted from other taxes .
Such a person would benefit from the tax , even if there was no tree .
The calculation model is unnecessarily complicated .
The average forest owner is not in a position to see that , as Mr Hakkarainen says .
In addition , the model applies to only a small proportion of forest owners , he says .
The threshold for tax deduction linked to forest yields is EUR 40 000 .
It has been dragged too high for Mr Hakkarainen .
As such , he says that 82 % of Finnish forest owners will be excluded from the deduction .
The model would affect around 10 % of forest owners , he says .
The VM considers that the limit guarantees the objective of increasing the size of the farm .
In forestry policy , the reduction of gifts has been taken in by Hakkarainen for decades .
It is based on the ageing of forest owners .
According to the MTK , the average age of forest owners is now more than 60 , and about half of forest owners are pensioners .
The Powerful Haunter surprised motorists in Himanga - two cars derailed and collided
The Himanga River of Kalajas took a special running on Friday morning .
According to the rescue company , two cars in succession derailed into the drive after which the person behind collided after the drive .
According to Harri Pyyhtinen , the call - in fire mayor , it is suspected that the slippage into the drive was due to a strong deafening .
The car driving behind us had two people , both of whom were transported to hospital for treatment .
There is no more accurate information on their injuries .
The driver of the above car was not injured .
The accident occurred on the highway from the Himanga to the Kalajo , a few kilometres away .
Finnish research can help to improve the effectiveness of cancer treatments
Recent research results from the University of Turku can help to make cancer therapies more effective .
The findings of the academic professor Johanna Ivaska 's research team show that the severity of the cancer tumour increases the malignance of cancer .
Many human tissues , such as breast tissues , are very soft , and tissue cells grow as usual in such an environment .
According to the Ivaska , it was possible to prevent the growth of cancer in laboratory conditions by returning the tissue surrounding cancer to a normal , soft tissue .
In the future , it may be possible to improve the efficacy of cancer therapies by focusing the treatment not only on cancer cells , but also on the interaction between cells and the surrounding tissue .
The results of this study were published in the prestigious Nature Communications of 4 August in the field of cellular biology .
Muhos ' family death continues in the clock , the prosecutor also calls for a murder sentence for another perpetrator .
The family domicile of the mush continues to be wounded in the case of both sentenced persons .
In June , two young men were sentenced to prison for the killing of a family home in Muhos .
The second received 8 years of a killing and gross robbery committed , among other things , as a young person .
One is a 12-year prison sentence for murder and gross robbery carried out as a young person .
The sentenced person was also convicted of grossly endangering road safety as a young person and of driving a vehicle as a young person .
The prosecutor , the plaintiffs and the man who was sentenced more severely were complained of the judgment in the court .
The prosecutor is calling for a less punished man to be sentenced for murder as a young person to twelve years in prison .
At the time of the act , people were in full understanding
According to the court , a man who worked as a director of the child protection unit at school was killed by 17-year - olds in July last year .
A 17-year - old man who was sentenced to murder attacked a director who , according to his explanatory statement , was sitting back and forth in the room .
The director had got out of hand and stored a young person in his room , with one of the young people beating him in a sumptum pipe .
The director was also strangled , strangled and kicked out .
According to a mental survey , both of those convicted were in full understanding at the time of the act .
According to the law , young people had planned to flee a family home , at least since the previous day .
The ice shark is the longest - lived vertebrate in the world , rising only at 156 .
A study published in the Science magazine shows that the world 's longest - living vertebrate has been confirmed as an ice shark .
In the north of the Atlantic , an ice shark like the one around Greenland , the holker , can live up to the age of 400 .
The lady only grows at 156 .
The icewat 's life expectancy is increased by the fact that it grows by only a centimetre per year .
Only one species of shellfish is known to live longer than ice smells .
Researchers discovered their age with radio - carbon timing .
The nuclear tests of the 1950s led to radioactive residues in some sharks .
They enabled scientists to assess the age of sharks .
The oldest age was estimated at 392 years - albeit throwing in one direction or another can be up to 120 years .
Donald Trump with Economic Wisdom - People 's News
The America of Donald Trump does not need to change the world .
Up to a third of the state 's total tax revenues would not be obtained if the change in corporation tax advocated by Donald Trump were implemented .
Tax revenues would also be reduced , especially through tax concessions for the benefit of the richest .
Mr Trump described his tax programme as revolutionary when he presented it on Monday in Detroit .
Corporate tax would fall from 35 % to 15 % .
It would be a huge amount of USD 1 000 billion a year uncollected .
The highest income tax rate now stands at 39.6 % , after the Trump rebate at 33 % .
The inheritance tax would be abolished altogether .
The state was accused by Mr Trump of over - regulating business and of driving small businesses into bankruptcy .
The rushed environmental standards must be renewed and the energy sector deregulated .
The health reform of Barack Obama must be reopened .
The administration must be appointed as ' experts rather than bureaucrats ' .
According to Trump , the ' destructive ' trade policy is one of the main causes of the problems in the United States .
Free trade agreements would be discontinued .
Imports from China would be subject to a penalty tax of 45 % and 35 % from Mexico .
We are offering a new future .
Americanism , not globalism , is our confession , Trump proclaimed .
The America of Donald Trump does not need to change the world :
American cars are going to drive on the streets , American planes are going to connect cities , American ships are going to control the seas , American steel is going to pull up new cartoons all over the country .
Contrary to his custom , Mr Trump faithfully read through a speech written by the assistants , despite the fact that it was interrupted 14 times by well - organised protests .
Economists - including those close to the Republicans - see the Trump programme as driving the United States into deep economic recession .
Hillary Clinton announced his own programme early on Friday in Finland .
Tsunami of the past - People 's News
The sea is devastating , but the real tsunami is striking in the middle of Madrid 's street greel - the balance with the past can begin .
That summarises the essence of Pedro Almodóvar 's new story .
Almodovar 's previous steering work ( 2013 ) was a little haunt and a broken satirical comedy , the previous skin I live in ( 2011 ) at the top of a career in a Spanish fitness .
Julieta ( 2016 ) is located somewhere between the two works .
It is a characteristically endless drama of love , human relations and the family , with the relationship between the mother and the daughter at the heart of it .
The story is a simple and is seen in much of the background .
Life seems to be on its model with the middle - aged name ( Emma Suarez ) , but then everything is in danger of collapsing .
In the aftermath of a random encounter , the new male friend ( Dario Grandinetti ) can be perplexed right up to the end of the film .
In the form of a backdrop and a long letter , Julieta once made his life life life for his adult daughter .
He starts with the time before the daughter was born , when he met this future father ( Daniel Grao ) .
At the same time , Adraina Ugarte , a young teacher in Julieta , is taking up the second female prominent post in a TV - based series between Ommelte ( 2013 - 2014 ) .
The ageing of Julieta has been dealt with in a way that can be seen as a snapshot , but I would say that , quite cumbersomely and literally , with a little bit of lip service .
In Julieta , there is a fair distance between the films of Almodóvar , which are often so characteristic of humour .
It is a film with a strong show , moderated , sometimes with good music and a very sad film with elegic ingredients .
Instead , the visual colourfulness typical of the Spanish director is still there and is beginning to strike a blind eye as a pure form rather than as a dramatic means of action .
Diseases , deaths or otherwise only sudden losses afflicting film individuals , but the surface remains as high .
This is particularly true of column : in the case of the name person , residences change from one meeting to another , and the same applies to spectacular ears .
Mr Almodóvar is specific on these matters , but the main issue , that is to say , the preparations for each event , do not improve any more .
Whenever there is a mechanical recurrence , the impression is external and a little empty .
Almodóvar has written the script on the basis of three novels from Canadia , Alice Munro , winner of Nobel 2013 .
Novels have been published in the Karkulainen : reports .
Mr Almodóvar has invested in dialogue , with the result that a little balanced literary filming is taking place .
There would have been an emotionally insignificant drama , so much big things - particularly the grim guilt - the leffa thematics .
Guidance and script : Pedro Almodóvar .
Based on the three novels of Alice Munro .
In the main : Emma Suarez , Adriana Ugarte , Rossy de Palma , Daniel Grao , Dario Grandinetti .
The first night of the film is 12 August .
Government tries to ballot box - People 's News
There will be no further cuts , the ministers tell us that the basic Finns will not collapse .
However , the cuts decided in the spring are being made on a rapid scale .
There will be no further cuts .
The EUR 4 billion savings already decided are enough .
This is what Prime Minister Sipilä ( centre ) and Finance Minister Petteri Orpo ( cook ) are convincing under the budget line .
It is true that the VM proposal does not contain any further cuts , as social security cuts were already decided on in the spring framework .
Cuts of 0.85 % will be made in child allowance , public pensions , basic protection for unemployment and almost all other benefits linked to the occupational pension index .
The duration of unemployment insecurity linked to earnings will be reduced from 500 to 400 days .
Training cuts continue .
Local elections
Why is it that ministers are so keen to insist that no further cuts are made on them ?
Because next year is an election year .
The municipal elections will be held in April and will be the most important fever gauge of the parliamentary term , not the Gallups .
It has been seen in the past that the government 's atmosphere has been ruined for a long time by the diverse municipal election result of the governing parties .
However , Gallups tell us that the governing party is waiting for a blunt defeat for the basic Finns , even though the results of its last elections were modest at 12.3 % .
Four years ago , the Finns received 752 new delegates , most of them next spring realising the price of influencing the right - wing government .
The lifeblood of the government of the three or so large parties is dependent on the strength of the Finnish people .
Now it has not survived ; more than half of the voters in the party had enough of government policy in the first year .
The first signs of the party 's group 's visiting space have also come to the surface .
Firstly , the rhetoric of no further cuts will obscure the fact that next year they will be made drastically and , secondly , an attempt is being made to soften the blow awaiting the Finns .
Major cuts in 2018 ?
In a year 's time , everything will probably be different - if the Sipilä government is still standing .
The government has set itself the goal of cutting off indebtedness during this parliamentary term , but Mr Orpo 's draft budget will next year incur a debt of EUR 5.9 billion , which is more than this year .
After the municipal elections , the government has two options .
The first is to raise our hands halfway through the legislature and admit that the government can not keep to its own agenda : indebtedness will not fall or even slow down .
One is to stick to the programme .
It will mean further and tougher cuts in the 2017 budget reference .
The budget would be rushed to at least close to balance in the course of 2018 and then , in the spring , the parliamentary elections will take up what is to be said .
Indebtedness will not fall by the wayside
It is abundantly clear that , with the current measures , indebtedness will not fall , however much Mr Sipilä tries to foment the positive atmosphere .
The curves presented by State Secretary Martti Hetemäki at the Budget Briefing ceremony prove it irresistibly :
Global growth forecasts have repeatedly proven to be over - optimistic , in other words , there will be no attraction for the international economy .
Since the collapse of 2008 , the Finnish economy has scarcely recovered , except temporarily during the recovery policy of the early 2010s .
Unemployment has risen by 35 % in this decade and has been prolonged from 34 to 54 weeks on average .
Unemployment is now costing EUR 3 billion more per year than it was in 2008 .
The curve of government debt , which exceeded the 60 % threshold in 2014 , will reach 70 % in the middle of the next decade .
What is responsible ?
In the spring of 2015 , the debt relief proposed by the Left Alliance was rejected because it was considered irresponsible .
Next year , it will cost around EUR 6 billion to sustain unemployment , which will be covered practically by new debts .
This is the idea of the centre , the assembly and the Finns as to what is responsible .
Questionnaire : Municipalities are asked to do a lot of work
Three out of four consider that the organisation of childcare , youth work and physical activity is the responsibility of the municipality , as shown by the study of the KAKS - Municipal Development Foundation .
The overwhelming majority of the population also hold the individual municipality responsible for libraries , culture , civic universities , building controls , secondary education and waste management .
The province , for its part , has the greatest responsibility for provincial planning , specialised care , vocational training , universities and institutional care for the developed .
None of the responsibilities of municipalities in terms of law and order are to be transferred to the state .
A minor drink ran to the police at the end of a holiday driver
A 16-year - old motorcyclist from the Joensuu on Friday night driven a police patrol out of Ilomantsintie at half a time .
A police patrol tried to stop a motorcycle without lights , but a young man set off to drive the police off to a fair speed .
The pursuit continued along the Sonkayan beach , from which the Sorronahont and the smaller forestry route , where the motorcycle was driven out of the road .
Even then , a young man left the run , but a faster - foot police were caught out .
The breath test for the driver was 0.75 % .
He did not have a driving licence that would have justified driving by motorcycle .
This case is being investigated , among other things , as a serious threat to road safety .
The lorry in quibblet fell down to its dirty
A lorry in quiet fell at dry in Polvijärvi on the Kaavintie on Thursday evening at 9.15 p.m.
The lorry had been driven out of the road in a bursting left - wing trouble and collapsed into its dirty .
The rescue system , together with the staff of the rescue helicopter and the first carers , took the injured driver out of the lorry that had fallen by the way above .
It was left to the owner of the car to take up the vehicle .
Hydraulic oil , which was absorbed by a rescue company , was poured out of a lorry that fell down .
The police are investigating the cause of the accident .
An elderly woman disappeared on the River Afternoon
A 87-year - old woman has been missing since the afternoon in the Lahtikylä of the Ilma River in Southern Ostrobothnia .
The police are looking for some 165 cm for a long , slim and goodwill woman with white hairs under the leuka .
Findings and indications of missing movements are invited to call the hotline 0295440513 from the North Situation Centre .
Materials of a major accident in the air - see the picture gallery of the damage caused by Parafest
The fall of the tents in the Parafest Festival caused devastation .
Arto Pippuri , President of the Parafesty Association in Joensuu , thinks that the festival will get off its financial feet and the event can also take place next year .
At the end of Friday evening , Kalle Salonen , the last participant in Parafest , appeared in a marketplace .
On Saturday , the programme will continue with the presentations on the premises of the city theatre from 1 p.m.
The Art Centre in Ahjo is a Parafest exhibition from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m.
The programme will be organised as planned .
The downflow is born in a cloud when rainwater and its weight trigger a declining air flow .
Changes in the form of water in the Upper Cloud are binding on heat and , as a result , declining air is cooling and its pace towards the country is accelerating .
The Institute of Meteorology tells us that there are several downstreams in Finland during the summer .
It is difficult to predict the route of downflows .
The downflow struck the back yard of the Joensu Museum , which was the venue of Parafest , on Friday afternoon before five .
Three tents collapsed , with a total of around 200 people in tents .
Four people were offended by the accident .
There was one child who was transported with a mild injury for further care .
Air pollution is ageing for Londoners
The study shows that the skin of Londoners is ageing faster than usual .
The cause of skin ageing is air pollution .
Evening Standard tells the British survey .
The British skin care company Caci analysed the most toxic particles in London and their effects on the skin .
The results show that many people of retirement age in London are two and a half years older than , for example , their age blood in the countryside .
Particulates that age the skin are a very fine pollutant from transport fuels .
The same particles also cause respiratory diseases , which , according to Evening Standard , kill almost 9 500 Londoners every year .
Studies have found that particles are small enough to penetrate the outer layer of the skin .
The Cac study found that early ageing is a risk , especially for Londoners walking around the congested streets on their journey to work .
The people of London can try to protect themselves against air pollution , for example , under various masks , but a more practical solution is recommended for regular skin purification .
Tractor brakes betrayed : The Man Standing
The man had shifted stones on a tractor in his yard circuit .
When he had got out of the tractor and went to it , the tractor 's brakes failed and the tractor swept over the head .
The man did not fall under it , but the tractor did , after all , push a man to the point where he was taken to the central hospital for further investigations with serious injury .
The tractor could not go any further because it came up against the stones that were before it .
Riento
The river Liiga - Riento , a Volleyball League player , will start in October on a better basis than the living memory .
The team has been in the coffers for nearly three weeks .
There is no doubt that there is more common ground than in previous periods , when the series of ships have been dark for the Rienno .
Jani Saï , who continues to be the main coach of the Riento , praises the new team for being enterprising and united .
From the trio of foreigners , Fred Musoni will take up his second term in Rienno .
The new face is Murangwa Nelson , 23 years old , and Hiago Garchet .
Nelson , who appeared in Rwanda 's national team , is a 205-cent hawker .
Garchet is a passport , a Brazilian has 198 cents .
Via Josban , Kataja and River Boys to US national team
Anne Jumpanen has been playing for almost all of the World Cup roomballs since 2003 .
Today , the sixth games are already taking place in Tampere , and only 2013 missed since Canada was better at North American qualification .
I was in Turku and played with women there when I saw the announcement .
The USA was setting up a national roombandy team .
I was interested , and here we are , as the partner , 48 , says .
The partner was born in 1967 near New York in the city of Elizabeth .
The family moved to Helsinki when the girl was one year old .
In 1987 , Jumpanen was able to study computer processing at the University of Joensu .
When I arrived in the Joensuu , species such as salibandy were not yet gambled at the SM level .
The rhetoric was played at university .
I played in the basketball in Cataja and later in the River Pockets ice hockey in the SM series , the Jumpanese remember .
The partner played a roombandy SM series with the University during the 1991 - 92 period , and the next three periods took place in Josba .
As well as the game , he paved the way for the A girls in the club .
The SM series of women culminated in silver in 1995 .
Overall , Jumpan played in the SM series for women through 10 channels , with 169 matches accumulated in balance 51 + 34 = 85 .
The latest SM season is 2001 - 2002 .
Perttu Puska and Tatu Vänen nominated
Josban , the Joensel Floorball Club , was added by Perttu Puska and Tatu Vänen , an Eno - driven Tatu Vänen , who were elected to join the Finnish national team , which will play at the Czech Brno EFT tournament on 6 - 8 November .
In Helsinki , a 25-year - old , Perttu Puska , who was aggressive in one of Helsinki , played before this six men 's game , where he has accumulated a total of 9 + 4 = 13 .
Tatu Vänen , a 32-year - old defender of Wiler - Ersigen in Switzerland , has recovered from the ramping square and belongs to the standard national team with 117 experiences on the ground .
Mika Kohonen , who was also appointed as a house player in the Sein River Brothers , was last seen in the Finnish shirt during last December 's World Cup .
Petri Kettunen , a container , is the chief coach of the national floorball team .
Beach Volley Master Essi Hasu is shutting in Kouvola - Gold missing the prize cup
Essi Hasu is about to end as a beach volley player , at least temporarily after the current period .
The Finnish championships in Beach Volley will be solved at the weekend in Kouvola 's Sports Park .
In three days , both adults and young people play medals .
The SM Final tournament organised by Kouvola 's Flightballers and the Finnish Federation of Flightball will be eligible for the six best couples of the tanks in each series .
The local colour of the tournament is represented by Essi Hasu , who was grown by the NMKY of Elimäen and has been at the top of the Finnish Beach Volley for many years .
Hasu , who lives in Helsinki today , is eagerly awaiting the games before the famous public .
I hope that as many people as possible will be in the stand at the weekend .
The pess Stadium is certainly becoming a great arena .
I have not very often played in adult series in Kouvola , so it is wonderful to play in the finals at home , Hasu at home .
The district of Kouvola lighted the spark of Hasu on sport and gave a good indication of a great hobby .
Childhood is well remembered .
At the age of 9 , I started the volleyball in Elimäen 's NMKY girls E.
The upper hand is too big a game shirt in the minds , knee - knee shelters in the eagle , and sound cries and choreography after the end , Hasu remembers .
In a small location , the sports club was a close community in which everyone knew each other .
The group 's spirit created an environment in which it was nice to play .
All the families were very much involved - we were coached by the father of the team colleague and our mother was a long - term chairman of the club .
Essi Hasulle beach volley was already a natural species selection to counterweight the content ball at the junior time .
Bitis has been played at a curve beach since the 1990s .
It has always been active .
I myself also visited the SM races on the train journeys with the idea that I would be there for one day .
Now this dream will come true when Hasu plays at the weekend , together with Annina Parkkise , a bitchman , in the SM finals .
After Riga Lehtonen and Taru Lahti , the aim of the second twin in the tournament is clear .
We have a realistic ambition .
We still lack a prize cabinet for SM gold , Hasu throwing in a mysterious way .
The presence at the weekend in Kouvola may be the last in front of Hasu 's familiar public .
New challenges in the field of civilian work await us in early September .
Yes , the international career is over since the Kisakallio tournament .
Otherwise , the stockpiles will be put on the nail , at least temporarily , Hasu is planning .
Downflow tents at the Disability event in Joensu , near the major accident
Three tents of downflow fell at the Parafest festival in Joensu .
According to a newspaper from Karelia , four people were injured .
One child was transported to hospital for further treatment .
According to a Karelian , there were a total of around 200 people in tents .
There was a bigger tent going on .
Two tents were smaller .
The accident took place on Friday at 5 p.m.
The day - to - day fireman , Markus Viitaniemi , who was interviewed by a Karelian , tells the newspaper that there were ingredients in a major disaster .
According to the newspaper , what is at stake is the continuation of the event .
Los Angels Central Library
Learning from the history of the Central Library in the centre , the Southern California Chapter of the Society of Architectural History is hosting a gathering with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee , the authors of the new ' Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ' book .
According to the programme , Gee and Schwartzman will discuss and distribute pictures of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue plans , as well as of the restoration of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associations in 1993 and the additional building .
The meeting will take place on 21 August from 14:00 to 16:00 in Salle Moderne , the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law ( former Bullocks Wilshire ) , 3050 Wilshire Blvd .
Participants will be able to go to the centre , to the stylistic rooms , to the cake - off rooms and to the tea room .
Prior tickets are required : USD 15 for SAH / SCC members ; USD 25 for non - members .
An open , industrial outdoor in the DTLA will experience a comfortable transformation
The 90th birthday of Los Angeles Central Library will be celebrated by a book other than the new .
Solomon Koli bravely set off as a farmer
Agriculture as an entrepreneur means taking risks , taking sweat and taking energy .
A young farmer , Solomon Koli , 25 , became a farmer because he believes in a positive future in the countryside as well .
Soon , two years ago , the coli , together with his little brother Valteri Koli , started to work as an extension of their household .
Their father , Markus Koli , will help and advise brothers on their own experience .
Starting as a rural entrepreneur meant borrowing and increasing the farm size so that bread can come into agriculture .
This has been my case since a little boy .
I have always been happy to go on the farm and now , when I started as an entrepreneur , I have put everything in the game .
If something starts , I think it needs to be done seriously and properly .
In 2013 , we started to build skin water , and initially the bank was not enthusiastic either .
However , I myself was very bold enough to get involved in the project and I have been fully involved in it . Solomon Koli tells us , and he adds , that he would not have taken action if he had no faith in the production of clean Finnish food and in the fact that everything will turn for the good .
Solomon Koli , who grows meat cars , aims to invest in an even bigger bird .
The work has borne fruit , with Solomon Koli being selected among the top ten in the competition between the young food producers of the rural future .
He is currently competing for a possible victory .
He can vote on the newspaper website until 21 August .
Bulgaria reports inflation for the first time in eight months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % in July .
This is the highest rate for years ( after June 2012 ) and the first rate above zero since October last year , when a positive 0.2 % was announced .
The annual average inflation rate measured by the cost of living index was -0.8 % in the last 12 months ( August 2015 - July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014 - July 2015 ) .
The July 2016 Living Cost Index was 101.0 % compared to June 2016 , i.e. monthly inflation was 1.0 % .
Since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) , inflation has reached -0.2 % and annual inflation in July 2016 was -0.2 % compared to July 2015 .
Compared to the previous month , in July 2016 , the price of food and non - alcoholic beverages ( 1.7 % ) , transport ( 1.8 % ) , leisure and culture ( 6.3 % ) , restaurants and hotels ( 1.2 % ) , mixed goods and services ( 0.3 % ) were observed .
Prices fell in clothing and footwear ( 2.2 % ) , furniture , household items and routine care ( 0.5 % ) , health ( 0.1 % ) .
Prices stayed at the same level as last month for alcoholic drinks and tobacco , housing , water , electricity , gas and other fuels , communications and education .
Snapchat 's ' anime ' effect is criticised as an Asian caricature story
According to Snapchat , it has been an inspiration to the filter , but , according to some observers , it is a racist one .
With its legal tool , Snapchat enables some 150 million of its daily users to shape reality and play with identity in ways that are almost ridiculous .
You can turn yourself into a panax , a dog or a character suited to Roy Lichtenstein 's painting .
The lenses are simple , facial tools that produce more than 30 million improved self - sights per day .
All the miscarriages quickly end up in public documents .
Snapchat lenses have been criticised in the past , accusing them of advertising blackface or ' blackmail ' mask or of favouring bleaked colour as a beauty ideal .
So when Snapchat this week advertised a lens for some users who gave them a little eye , a bit of piece of teeth and bottled packets , some critics called it a racist caricature of people in Asia - ' golden ' , or yellowface .
And they are wondering whether these repeated polemics could be a sign of a bigger problem for the company in terms of diversity .
The news and outrage spread widely on Wednesday with the reports by The Verge and Motherboard , and one day later Snapchat said that he had abolished his qualities .
The company provided an explanation : the lens was meant as a tribute to the feathers , not as a caricature of the Asians .
But for observers with racism , the length was a reminder of insulting stereotypes .
Others vehemently banned animal comparison .
Grace Sparapani , a Korean - American art student whose twitt of photographs was widely distributed , said in his e - mail that the lens was ' insulting and inconvenient to say the least ' .
He added : ' It is difficult to claim against a comparison of the outrageous Asian caricature and the effectiveness of the filter side by side ' .
It shows that the filter is not just a yellow filter , but a gold plate , taken to extreme degradation .
Snapchat is not the only company that transcends these cultural traps .
American culture seems to be dependent on the endless struggle for diversity and inclusion , from corporate rooms to Hollywood and the equipment that we all carry in our hands .
And Snapchat 's huge audience of young people , who are more diverse than racial parents , may mean that they are even more likely to expect an understandable attitude .
Katie Zhu , a 25-year - old , said in an interview on Thursday that when one of the Snapchat lents creates an offensive image of the user , ' it is much more difficult for these types to be unnoticed than before ' .
On Thursday , Mrs Zhu , the chief of product and engineer working for Medium , decided to withdraw their Snapchat accounts and urged others to do the same .
In his written to Mr Medium and in a telephone interview , he said that he believed that racial disputes reflected the lack of diversity in Snapchat 's pay practices .
Zhu was mainly critical of the white male management of the company and concluded his writing by hashtag # DeleteSnapchat ( # PoistaSnapchat )
' Either they do not have a variety of colours of skin in their staff , so they can make decisions of this kind ' , says the Chinese - American Zhu , ' or they have different colours of skin at work , but they are not in positions where they feel safe or can speak out . '
Other observers share his opinion , a complaint that has largely not been answered by Mrs Snapchat .
The company does not publish figures on the diversity of its staff , pointing out its status as a private enterprise .
On Thursday , Snapchat refused to talk about the racial breeds of his staff , but , according to the representative , the company recently recruited a recruitor to concentrate on under - represented populations and to promote internal integration efforts .
For her part , Zhu said that he would keep his Snapchat accounts closed , adding : ' Is it actually the case that they need more users like us to be able to say that this is not ok ? '
Congress Panel says military officials misrepresented Isis intelligence data
In a report published on Thursday , a congress panel said that the authorities at the headquarters of the US Armed Forces had shaped their intelligence reports to present a more optimistic picture of the war in Iraq and Syria against Islamists than was justified by events on the ground .
The interim report of the working party set up by the Republican Chairman of the House of Representatives ' Defence Committee , the Intelligence Committee and the Defence Appropriations Subcommittee revealed " widespread dissatisfaction " among intelligence analysts at the headquarters , who said that their assessments of the US efforts to overcome Isis were manipulated by their superiors .
The headquarters , known as Centcomina , are the Military Territory Headquarters in Florida Tampa , which controls US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia .
" Typically , the intelligence outputs adopted by the higher - ranking Centcom directors gave a more positive picture of the US anti - terrorist aspirations than was justified by the facts on the ground , which were normally more positive than those produced by other factors in the intelligence community . "
" The events in Centcom are unacceptable - the war of our combatants suffers when bad analyses are presented to senior decision - makers " , said Ken Calvert , the Californian Republican .
The failures of the management of Centcom reach the very top of the organisation .
The 10-page report describes in detail the persistent problems in the descriptions and analyses of US efforts to train Iraqi troops in 2014 and 2015 .
Although it does not provide clear evidence that reports have been manipulated by senior administrations in the Obama Administration , it suggests that analysts have felt pressurised by the leaders of Centcom to describe the threat posed by the Islamic state , Isis , in a more positive light .
" Throughout the first half of 2015 , many headquarters press releases , statements and certificates to Congress were much more positive than the events themselves . "
For example , the Cencom authority stated publicly that a major offensive to take Mosul back could begin as early as April or May 2015 .
Mosul , the second largest city in Iraq , is still in the hands of Isis .
" After months of inquiry , this is very clear " said Mike Pompeo , the People 's Republican .
From mid-2014 to mid-2015 , senior intelligence headquarters of the US Armed Forces ' military commission headquarters manipulated the intelligence of headquarters in order to play down the Isis threat in Iraq .
The Republicans set up a task force after hearing that analysts had raised concerns about the manipulation of intelligence information about the Islamic state .
The report published on Thursday is followed by more extensive findings while the investigation is under way .
The Chief Auditor of the Ministry of Defence has initiated an additional , on - going investigation into the enquiry into the Centcom .
On Thursday , the democratic members of the House of Representatives ' Intelligence Committee published their own findings , which coincided with some of the conclusions of the Republican Working Party .
" Between 2014 and 2015 , Centcom created an unnecessarily isolated process for the Intelligence Assessment of Isis and Iraqi Security Forces " , adam B. Schiff , Chief Democrat , said .
According to Schiff , this process ' prolonged the publication of intelligence outputs ' , worsened the mood among analysts and ' did not allow enough room for divergent views ' .
Mr Schiff and the democrats said that they could not find the evidence that the White House had tried to put pressure on the Centcom analysts to adapt their conclusions to the ' pre - established or political statement ' .
The Daily Beast will report on Tuesday on the preliminary findings of the Congress inquiry .
Last August , the New York Times reported that the Pentagon Chief Inspector has opened an investigation following complaints from Centcom analysts .
The Chief of Commanders , Patrick Evans , the Pentagon representative , said in a statement that the Ministry of Defence would not comment on the Congress report as long as the inquiry into the over - inspector is ongoing .
But he said , ' Experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data , and the intelligence community and the Department of Defence welcome a healthy dialogue on these essential national security issues ' .
The investigation has other repercussions than just as regards the question of whether the US - led bombing of Iraq and Syria is successful ( as a growing number of defence authorities are now claiming ) .
Last year 's accusations questioned the extent to which President Obama can count on the headquarters to provide honest estimates of the military actions in Iraq , Afghanistan , Libya and other crisis areas .
Criticism of the Islamic state intelligence is a reflection of the dispute over a decade ago , when the Centcom intelligence analyst , Gregory Hooker , wrote a study article saying that , despite the protests of a number of analysts , the Bush administration supported a small military force in Iraq and spent very little time considering the consequences of an attack in 2003 .
Hooker also played a key role in the rebellion with regard to intelligence from the Islamic state .
According to the authorities last year , the Hooker group concluded that , despite public statements to the contrary , air strikes against refineries controlled by the Islamic state had not significantly weakened the economy of the terrorist group by building temporary refineries to sell oil on the black market .
The Times reported in September that this discovery was not reported outside the headquarters .
The then commander of Centcom , General Lloyd J. Austin III , began to be criticised last year after his testimony to the Senate was viewed by many legislators as an over - positive assessment of the war .
General Austin retired in April and was replaced by General Joseph L. Votel .
For the fourth time in a row , the United States will win the Field Hockey for Women by organising a conflict with Britain
The day after three paints had been made with the team winning Japan 6 - 1 , Katie Bam on Thursday made the first two paints of the US women 's field hockey team , while the Americans won India 3 - 0 .
Five goals in two games sounds like an unforgettable achievement , but a 27-year - old , Mr Bam , said that he was not sure if he had done the same in the past .
' I have no idea ' , he said .
' I am not really the man who keeps records of his paints . '
But he knows this : the Americans are in a 4 - 0 position at the Olympic Games and they share their group first with Britain , which was still unbelievable after winning Japan 2 - 0 on Thursday .
On Saturday , the United Kingdom and the United States will meet in the final game of the first round .
Both teams have survived on a quarter of an intermediary , and this game will determine who will be the first and who will be the second in their six teams .
The first person to avoid a strong Dutch group leader , a second group leader , a little longer at the start of the quarter finals .
Whatever the end of the game on Saturday , the Americans , with their surprising success here , four years after being the last 12 teams at the London Olympics , have aroused a stir .
Bam was there .
He grew up in Blue Bell in Pennsylvania and picked up a field hockey mail at the age of 3 for the first time ( his elderly double homes played the species in Drexel ) in connection with a national team at the age of 16 , making him the youngest player ever .
He was not present at the 2008 Olympic Games because he could not be included in the final list of players .
Nothing went for him and his team colleagues in 2012 .
The following year , the English coach , Craig Parnham , was appointed , and things started to change .
" Cultural change , mental change , physical change " , said Bam .
We did not have the same pace of work in London as we have now .
We have done a U - turn .
On Thursday evening , Mr Bam started the first half - time paint with a crush .
India had made a single victory in the tournament , but the team was surprisingly tough and kept the situation in the 1-0s until the end of the third tranche , when Bam took over the situation .
He took the ball in his court for a long time from the left of the field , then touched in the middle and rushed the ball to the Americans to the 2 - 0 leadership .
In Melissa , Gonzalez added a fourth instalment at the middle of the final goal .
This zero game was the first US paintwinner of the tournament to Jackie Briggs , who had scored one of the first three victories .
He is in good sense .
The same applies to Bam .
" We now have a good situation " , Parnham said , but its good will depend on the outcome of the game on Saturday .
Peace in Trampolin
Wherever you like , whatever time , the Olympic Games are going on .
The events in Rio de Janeiro seem to be a constant and inevitable , furious message of competition and effort .
It is as if the Olympic torch itself were a flaming baton to be passed on from a flexible shoot to a swimmer and a fighter to a triathlonist .
It is impossible to broadcast television , to read a newspaper or to listen to a neighbour 's debate in the café queue without hearing about Simone Biles , Katie Ledecky or the hatred between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos .
And then there is Logan Dooley .
Dooley , the first - time and future heartbreaker of the Olympic Games with a smileburner , could well be one of the names we all know about at the best time , with sponsorship agreements and good - mind TV advertisements - if he were a swimmer , a gymnastic or even a fencher .
But Dooley , from Lake Forest in California , 28 , is competing for the Olympic gold in a trampolin .
The Olympic flame does not illustrate all species as much .
Further from the centre , partly in the shadow , are the species that are not generally accepted by everyone : atmospheric shooting , flexible shooting , mesh ball , takwondo .
We always have breast - feeding , long live it .
But if I may make a fair number of my special favouritism , I would like to draw attention to the moderate charming power of trampoline .
Although trampoline has been an Olympic species since 2000 , when it first appeared at the Sydney Games , its presence over the past 16 years has been so limited that many of those I interviewed did not realise it was an Olympic species at all .
This may be regional ignorance .
Although the US has sent athletes to compete in the sport , it has never won the medal and its athletes did not get to the final until 2012 .
Chinese and Russians usually share men 's , Chinese and Canadian women 's medals .
This year , China 's Dong Dong and Canadian Rosie McLenna are defending their gold medals in London .
However , there is a certain embryonic charm with trampolin , partly because it sounds like a clown school rather than an Olympic Games in the ear of a barbaric ear .
Here I have to admit that I am not an expert , I am just an airless fan .
Species have opportunities for amusement , as you can see from the colouring of endless cartoons of cartoons , but there is also the closure of gymnastics and swimming jumping , two species which , in principle , combine .
The word ' trampolin ' comes from the Spanish word el trampolín , which is a springboard .
The champions of the championship , with a gigantic trampoline , jumped up to almost 30 feet , and they have to carry out painful business series ( translations , skills and volts ) and eventually land on their feet .
According to the official Olympic programme , they will be judged on the basis of execution , difficulty and ' flight time ' .
Rio competes with 32 athletes from 17 countries , 16 men and 16 women .
The most common course of the Olympic Games is directly forward .
Those who want a medal must go further , faster , up and above - sometimes to the finish , sometimes back and forth around the gold .
They are hunting not only the finishing line or the starting wall , but also , in televised news , another cross - frontier : the world or the Olympic record .
This determined pursuit is noble , admirable and even fanatical - and it can even attract spectators to tears .
But that is also why watching the Games can be rather exhausting .
Trampolin offers a resting moment about this .
Thrampolin is heading up .
The aim is not to move forward .
A competitor is emerging again , seemingly unweighty like an astronaut , going up , then down , then easily up again .
Of course , there is no lack of competition or difficulty , but there is no furious rush to the end during the programme , no leap into the distance , just a dream of time and weight , a melting interruption .
It is as close to zen as it can be at the Olympic Games .
The qualification competitions for women and then the final will take place on Friday afternoon at 1 p.m. ( ET ) , the men 's games on Saturday will also take place at 1 p.m.
The NBC sends the finals as part of its software from 2 p.m. on both days .
In the midst of the Olympic drum , they offer a moment of silence , a charming moment , which will probably not be noticed in the general chaos .
And if awareness is achieved only by offering men 's athletes to be gazed and to be observed ( as the US male army some time ago proposed by The Wall Street Journal ) , then Dooley is just waiting for her new fanaticism .
" The generation is demonstrating " in Ethiopia , a long - standing ally of the USA
Violent demonstrations in Ethiopia
Demonstrators calling for political change in Ethiopia have met with violent opposition from the regime .
Eyewitnesses say that dozens of demonstrators have been shot dead in clashes with the police .
Is Ethiopia breaking down ?
Over the last decade , it has been one of the most stable countries in Africa , a strong ally of the West , with a rapidly growing economy .
In recent months , however , protests against the government have shaken the country by spreading to more and more areas .
Last week alone , thousands of people took to the streets calling for profound political change .
According to human rights groups , the government 's response was ruthless .
Eyewitnesses said that dozens of unarmed demonstrators were shot and killed by the police .
The videos that have spread , recorded at the end of last year or at the beginning of this year , show how the security authorities are sticking young people while being forced to stand up against the wall .
The United Nations Human Rights Authority is now calling for a full investigation .
" It was always difficult to keep this country together and it will be even more difficult in the future " , said Rashid Abdi , the head of the Horn of Africa 's International Crisis Group .
After Nigeria , Ethiopia is the second most populous country in Africa and the West appreciates its stability .
American military and intelligence services are working closely with Ethiopians in the fight against terrorist threats in the region , especially in Somalia , and hardly any African country receives so much help from the West .
The Ethiopian economy has grown at an impressive rate .
Its infrastructure has improved extremely well , and the capital in Addis Ababa is even a new train for commuters .
The streets of the city are typically quiet , safe and clean .
Although Ethiopia has not been a model of democracy , human rights organisations have consistently talked about the repression of the regime , the opposition in that country has been limited and dissidents have been effectively silenced .
Many have been deported , imprisoned , killed or driven far into desert .
But this can change .
" If you suppress people and have no other choice but to demonstrate , you will do so " , said Seyoum Teshome , a university teacher from Central Ethiopia .
Young people as a whole are demonstrating .
One generation is demonstrating .
The complaints are varied and cover all the powers of the governing coalition on land use by stranglehold .
After the much criticised elections last year , the ruling party and its allies gained the last seat held by the opposition and now occupies all seats in the parliament .
At the same time , tensions on the border with Eritrea are increasing , and the fight on this tight and controversial border claimed hundreds of lives in June .
Analysts fear that separatist groups such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front , which have more or less been defeated in recent years , may try to exploit the turmoil and rearm themselves .
Numerous factors explain why , after years of turbulence , bitter feelings are now exploding .
The first seems to be apparently harmless : smartphones .
Only in the last few years has a large number of Ethiopians been able to communicate via the social media , as cheaper smartphones have become more common and Internet services have improved .
Even if the government closes access to Facebook and Twitter , as it often does , especially during demonstrations , many people can still communicate via hidden networks .
Many young Ethiopians said that they were meeting for demonstrations .
Secondly , the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia , the Oromas and the Amharas , are better able to cope with each other .
Oromos and amharas are not intrinsic allies .
For a very long time , the amharas , who come mainly from Christian highlands in Ethiopia , were successful in politics and business , taking advantage of flavours , many of whom are Muslims and live in lowlands .
But this is also changing .
" We are on the way to organising ourselves under one umbrella " , said the oromo leader , Mulatu Gemechu .
The biggest demonstrations have taken place in the amhara and Oromo areas .
Many amharahs and Oromas think that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by the Tigre people , covering around 6 % of the population and dominating the armed forces , intelligence , trade and politics .
The third cause of the unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi .
Meles , a former rebel leader , was Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years until he died of a secret illness in 2012 .
He was regarded as a tactical generosity , a man who saw the corners .
Analysts say that he was particularly competent to detect early signs of dissatisfaction and to use secret ambassadors to harm the opponents .
" The current regime does not have such a basic instinct " , said the conflict analyst Abdi .
The new Prime Minister of Ethiopia , Hailemariam Desalegn , was picked in relatively unknown form to fill Meles ' boys .
Unlike Meles from the Tigre region of North Ethiopia , Hailemariam is from the south .
Analysts say that the security services controlled by the Tigers do not trust him .
Many fear that this may lead to more bloodshed .
The last time Ethiopia was in a state of turmoil of this kind in 2005 , when thousands of people protested at elections which , according to analysts , seemed to have been slipped by the government and then robbed .
The following crackdown resulted in the deaths of many demonstrators , albeit fewer than in recent months , and that period of unrest passed relatively quickly .
Development experts have praised Ethiopian leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning , such as the new commuter train , and for the considerable advances made in the fight against poverty .
But clearly this has not stopped the growing contempt for the Ethiopian Government within the country .
And now it is taking on a dangerous , ethnic form .
Last month demonstrators in Gondar attacked Tiger - owned companies and anti - Tigre hatred is becoming more and more common in the social media .
Analysts say that the demonstrations are putting the United States and other Western allies in a clumsy position .
The American Government has used Ethiopia as a base for flights to neighbouring Somalia , although it said a while ago that it had closed this base .
Although the West clearly wants to support democracy , they do not want their allies in an already unstable region to collapse either .
' This ' , Abdi said , ' is a real balancing act . '
Donald Trump explains Obama - basis - Isis as ' sarcasm '
On Friday , Donald J. Trump tried to suppress his latest campaign by claiming that he was not serious when he was inspired many times this week that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the ' founders ' of the Islamic state terrorist group .
The survey raised new questions about the ability of the Republican presidential candidate to communicate clearly to the American public .
It also put his defenders , who have struggled to defend him during a turbulent period , in a difficult position to explain comments that he does not necessarily mean .
After the insinuation at the campaign conference on Wednesday evening , Mr Trump argued the same thing more and more in the interviews on Thursday , in which he was inspired by the fact that he was actually going to say that President and Clinton created Isis .
However , in the Early Friday morning on Twitter , Mr Trump said that he was only sarcastic .
It was a U - turn on the previous day when Mr Trump said in several interviews that he really was serious about the accusation .
When Mr Hugh Hewitt , a conservative radio president , tried to help Mr Trump to moderate his remark by reminding him that Obama wants to destroy Isis , the Republican presidential candidate has taken note of this .
The latest storm comes at a time when Mr Trump has tried to re - focus his campaign in the midst of falling opinion polls .
Trump and Clinton fought for the economy this week in Michigan .
On Friday , Mr Trump tried to return to the subject .
Fleeing on Twitter again , he warned that Clinton 's proposals would lead to higher taxes and that he was bullying in his speech .
Trump has used Sarcasm in the past .
Late in July , when he came in for widespread criticism apparently when he proposed that the Russians should hack Clinton 's e - mails , he later explained his comments by saying ' of course I am sarcastic ' .
This approach will allow Trump to make a political speech at the borders and then return , if necessary .
' I think it is a model in which he tests certain messages that are important to his fans ; he sees how they work and then ' clarifies ' one way or the other depending on the reaction ' , said Ruth Sherman , a communication expert who has followed the language of both candidates .
But I also think he is wise about his statements and knows that they are vague enough to be filtered through a number of different lenses .
Instead of toning down what he said for the large polling audience , Mr Trump has , in recent days , been even more obscene as his popularity has continued to decline .
A new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist survey published on Friday showed that Trump lags a lot behind Clinton in North Carolina , Virginia and Colorado , and that the game is tough in Florida .
Although Mr Trump tends , as a rule , to avoid apologies for what he says in provocative terms , he often accuses his critics of misunderstanding or misunderstanding his sense of humour .
In the face of ever closer scrutiny during the last few months of the presidential election campaign , the jokes of Trump have forced his loyal allies into an uncomfortable position in which they must publicly support him , no matter how provocative his remarks are .
Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former mayor of New York , who is one of the most prominent supporters of Trump , took a great deal of trouble to defend the candidate in an interview with CNN on Thursday .
" I believe there are real , political comments in what he said " , Giuliani said when asked about the truth in relation to Mr Trump 's allegation that Obama and Clinton created an Islamic state .
This is true in the sense that , before Obama Isis , he was almost unknown , a small organisation he called an amateur , wholly wrong , and that is why he did so because he withdrew troops from Iraq .
Most mainstream Republicans tend to argue that the Obama Government , where Clinton was Minister for Foreign Affairs , allowed Isis to get worse because it failed to deal effectively with the situation in the Middle East .
Before the meetings in Pennsylvania on Friday , Trump continued on Twitter to attack the news media , which goes over every word and is biased against him .
He made a mockery of ' bad , pathetic ' television experts who are trying to get out of him and say ' They will not work ! '
Some democrats ridiculed Mr Trumpi 's pretext for new evidence that he was an inappropriate president .
A previously closed café burns down to Greenpoint
Verb Cafe was a rubbish , a cash - friendly place in Williamsburg , where there was no wireless network , but which offered good coffee for 15 years .
Naturally , the streets of Bedford Avenue cost it too much .
The movement , which replaced the Verb in the summer of 2014 , Soap Cherie , sells soaps in the form of a cup .
It was lamented by the locals as the latest loss of life in a town to be converted to the middle class .
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter : ' New York is a change , I know , but I still can not believe that the CBGB is dead and Chelsea Hotel has crushed and Verb is now a soap shop . '
But if New York is a change , it is also a reinvention .
Last November , the revived Verb opened up to Greenpoint , less than a mile from its original location .
The new Verb has a wifi and can pay with credit cards , but some of the staff are still the same and have the same unflinching atmosphere .
Coffee is still good .
The new Verb will be led by Cisco Rodriguez , a long - term worker in the old café , who will be the owner and director of the new seat .
He started in Verb in 2001 and was there until the end .
When he offered to finance him in a new location , he said he was enthusiastic .
Mrs Rodriguez , 36 , kept many things intact .
Verb uses the same supplier of the Bagels and buys a similar espressor .
It even used the lights of the old Verb .
But Mrs Rodriguez said she also wanted to try .
He introduced new ingredients .
There are pecony - egg - cheese breads on the menu , and there are , for example , capricks and brown barriers on the coatings .
There is brown rice in the pools .
There is no more beer in the café , but fresh juices are made there .
In nine months , Mrs Rodriguez says she found a steady flow of old flyers .
" Williamsburg also cost many former customers too much . "
One such customer was Rebecca Oliveira last Sunday .
Oliveira , 34 , lived in Williamsburg and visited Verb on a regular basis .
Even after he moved to Greenpoint , he walked into a café .
He says that , after the closure of Verb , he gave up coffee drinks for a moment .
" I understood I enjoyed Verb 's coffee and culture " , he said .
He has now returned to coffee , although on that day he ordered a chai drink , which was mixed rather than his normal ice coffee , and which is one of the new additions .
Tom Rosenthal , another long - term customer , visited Verb faithfully from 2003 .
He went there before the work and always made the same order .
" Every day , fifteen times over seven , regularly like the clock , I went in and they were making spices of my Bagelian butter . "
Photograph : Mrs Rodriguez said she wanted to experiment and put new ingredients on the menu .
Nowadays , Rosenthal is still making a normal order , but sometimes , due to variation , he will subscribe to a spice - bagel bacon , egg and cheese .
Mrs Rodriguez says she does not resent the soap trade , which took over old farms .
In fact , the owners of Soap Cherie offered to make a special wood for Verb , using the coffee - adjusted coffee as an ingredient .
" I think we can still take up the offer " , said Mrs Rodriguez .
And the traditional Polish residents of Greenpoint have also accepted a café .
One of these new customers turned the menu into Polish , and Mrs Rodriguez said that she was planning to bring it up soon to some point in order to make her new neighbours welcome .
The new location has other advantages .
The local juice location wants to bottle and sell cold - adjusted coffee .
It is possible that the café will extend to the adjacent building .
It is enough for many customers to get their old favourites in the new Verb .
Joseph Whitt was a frequent customer and said it was desolation when the place was closed .
When the new seat was opened , Mr Whitet said that he felt as if he had come home while walking in and ordering a coffee .
' I had to smell it ' , he said .
A Square Meal : Crippling Food
In March 1933 , shortly after becoming President , Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat and eaten lunch in his office .
President Roosevelt saw the fine Fifth Avenue foods , such as foie grave pastea , as a delicate , and Maryland 's turtle soup .
That day his diet was more modest : filled eggs in tomato sauce , potato potato potatoes and descendants from plum .
" It was a culinary expression of solidarity with the people who are suffering . "
His wife , Andrew Coe , added : ' It was also a message to the Americans about how to eat . '
A couple living in Brooklyn Heights are food historians .
The latest book by Coe , Chop Suey , told us about Chinese food in America and Zieglem told us about life from the Lower East Side flatshop via food in his book 97 Orchard .
Their latest cooperation , A Square Meal , which Harper will publish on Tuesday , is a history of American food during the Great Depression of the 1930s .
By showing some kind of their own culinary solidarity , they are meeting a journalist over dinner in Eisenberg 's Sandwich Shop , a small , non - refined lunch bar in the region of Flatiron , which has been operating since the collapse of the 1929 stock market .
Ziegelma , 54 , ordered a fresh cheese olive bread , and Coe , 57 , took a dose with turkey , a potato potato piece and vegetables .
When a journalist ordered a meat mud , the couple felt it appropriate to discuss eating a recession .
" Murmos were very popular " , said Ziegelma .
There was a groundwater mureket , a liver mureket , a punk .
They were made from the ingredient and some cheap ingredient that extended the ingredient itself .
Imagine so many groundnuts were eaten that they would be for dinner .
Coe has crushed .
" I am sure it has looked like a lead load in the grand " , he said .
Years before the recession , the American tables , especially in the countryside , were like a cancer - or - cycle screen .
Women 's groups fooded male farm workers and a fresh pair was served at breakfast , lunch and dinner .
The A Square Meal chronicles the way in which a nation survived the fact that it was suddenly no longer a land of plenty .
" At that time , food became a key , distressing topic for the Americans " , said Coe , explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it .
Equally distressing was the new , cheap diet : Mysterian food species , such as monkers and boxes , became the main food , and the box was a ' great way of using food residues ' , mentioning Ziegle , because the cooks were able to hide less attractive ingredients under a cream layer of sauce .
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dried fruit .
Meat , which had been at the heart of American meals for years , was a sparingly dosed luxury product .
Special compositions were tested when the amount of calorium and nutritional content were more important than taste or even common sense in the kitchen .
In carrying out a study on a book of prescriptions , Zieglem also produced an era of catering where fried barrels were filled with groundnut butter .
" It was not popular to add to the dinner table " , said Coe .
Ziegle said : ' It was surreal ' .
Groundnut butter is in no way suitable for fried barrels .
This was characteristic of many household recipes .
Domestic experts , such as Louise Stanley , the head of the federal household agency in 1923 - 1943 , guided the country 's eating habits more than ever before or after .
Publications of recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines encouraged women to become ' budgeters ' and to rise to the challenge of transforming tunes such as blind spaghetti and carrots into tasteful doses .
A Square Meal is an historic festival of tastes .
It is particularly tasty to report the government 's reactions to hungry citizens , as President Hooverin allows me to eat cake .
While he publicly praised his childhood for simple , Iowan paint food , he meals like the sophisticated millionaire he had become .
" He liked continental food , like fish in cucumbers " said Coe .
He eaten a shock in a golden eating room .
He was out of everything .
President Roosevelt could have made the same mistake if his wife , Eleanor , had not encouraged him to set an example in his own stomach .
As the book says , when Mrs Roosevelt hired a housekeeper with no taste interest , the White House became a place ' not only for one of the darkest in Washington , but also for the worst manufactured food ' .
Many of the dietary habits in the recession were rejected as soon as the country got back on its feet .
It is a legacy of our continuing focus on calories and nutrition , as Mr Ziegelman said , and in the way science is applied to cooking .
A couple said that when they wrote a book they gained a better understanding of the eating habits of the mother of Ziegelmani , for example , how she was unable to throw out food .
" He was really afraid of wasting food " , said Coe .
Zieglem remembered : ' He even suffered from illness ' .
There was an incident of wind .
After the plates were empty in Eisenberg , he and Coe pulled out the description they had made at home : the plum food that President Roosevelt eaten for lunch .
' It is called plum foam ' , added Zieglem , who said that the general trick was to give a showing name to modest recipes .
There was no cream foam , only plums , a little meal , sugar , water and canels in dessert .
Everyone reluctantly sunk their business into a brown lister .
Surprisingly , it was not bad .
Mr Coe sant once and again .
Sounding as a positive budgetist , he told his wife : ' slightly fragmented German nuts could help ' .
Gilead will be reimbursed for lawyers ' expenses in the hepatitis C patent battle against Merck
The U.S. U.S. Royalty Judge has ordered that Gilead Sciences Inc. is entitled to receive the bills of lawyers it received in the dispute over hepatitis C , against the pharmaceutical manufacturer Merck & Co Incia .
In June , Gilead was released from payments of USD 200 million after breaking the two Merck patents relating to Gilead 's successful drugs in Sovald and Harvon , following the discovery by a US judge of Merck 's abuses , including false oaths and other unethical practices .
In a judgment handed down on Thursday , US County Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to be exempt from the compensation it received in the event of an appeal .
Merck is trying to catch Gilead , which is dominating the market for a new generation of hepatitis C drugs , which can cure well over 90 % of patients with this liver disease .
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck took each other to court over the ownership of the laboratory work under the sophosbuviri , the active substance of Gilead medicines .
United States - backed forces say that Manbij has been completely conquered by Isis .
The US - sponsored forces have taken over completely in the north of Manbij , near the Turkish border , since the last remaining Israeli fighters left the city , a spokesman said on Friday .
The Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) are now investigating the city after the last group of combatants hidden in the city left .
The forces had released more than 2000 civilian hostages detained by the combatants , Sharfan Darwish SDF 's allies , the Manbij Military Council , told Reuters .
" The city is now fully under control , but we have started to investigate it " , he told Reuters .
Clintons earned USD 10.75 million in 2015 , paying 34.2 % federal taxes
On Friday , Hillary Clinton published his 2015 tax declaration , which showed that the democratic presidential candidate and his spouse earned USD 10.75 million for the year in question , with a real federal tax rate of 34.2 % .
In 2015 , Clintonit donated USD 1 million to charities , mainly to the Clinton Foundation , the former President Bill Clinton earned almost USD 5.3 million in speaker allowances , and the former Minister for Foreign Affairs announced that he had received 3 million publishers from Simon & Schuster in his book describing his career in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
The Vice - President designate of Clinton , Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia , together with his wife Anne Holton , published tax returns for 10 years .
Their real federal tax rate in 2015 was 20.3 % .
" Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine set the yardstick for financial transparency " , said Clinton 's campaign assistant Jennifer Palmieri .
As a sharp contrast to this , Donald Trump hides behind false pretexts and retracts his earlier promises to publish his tax returns .
It is customary for US presidential candidates to publish their tax declarations , even if the law does not oblige them to do so .
The New York businessman , Trump , and his lawyers , have appealed to the tax government 's audit as a reason for refusing to disclose tax returns .
" Your turn " , Clinton 's campaign assistant , Ian Sams , said on Twitter when publishing a link to the tax declarations of a democratic candidate .
On Thursday , Mr Trump 's special assistant , Michael Cohen , told the CNN that he would not allow Mr Trump to publish them until the audits were ready .
Critics in Trump , including Mr Mitt Romney and other Republican colleagues , have said that his refusal raises questions about his capital , his donations to charity , his businesses and numerous other ties with Russia , for example .
Clinton has tackled the problem on Friday by publishing an online video showing high - profile Republicans urging Trump to publish their taxes .
On Thursday , he raised the problem in his economic speech in Michigan .
" He refuses to do what every candidate for the presidency of recent decades has done : to publish his tax declarations " , he told the public .
Politico has announced that Trump has not paid any or very little tax in two of the 1990s , and on Friday the New York Times business columnist borrowed a number of tax lawyers and accountants who said that the situation could still be the same .
Federal tax rates have become a problem in the presidential elections .
Clinton has supported a rule called the billionaire investor Warren Buffett , which would ensure that those who earn more than USD 1 million a year would pay at least 30 % tax .
President Obama also supports the proposal .
At the Clinton meeting in Nebraskan Omaha last week , Buffett , located there by the Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate , challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns .
Mrs Buffett said that she is also undergoing a review of the tax government , and that Mr Trump is not ' afraid ' of a tax collection agency , but of voters .
The Clinton campaign has published tax returns until 2007 .
Today , Clintonie 's real federal tax rate in New York 's Chappaqua was around 32 % between 2007 and 2014 , with a real consolidated tax rate of around 40.5 % .
Clinton 's 2015 tax declaration showed that only USD 100 of their income came from wages , unlike most Americans .
They had a cheap index - linked investment fund and Clinton declared USD 109 000 in dividend and interest .
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh , editing Jonathan Oatis
Chili meal condoms and electronic elephants in Tanzania will improve protection of elephants
Environmentalists in Tanzania are using an unusual means to prevent elephants from migrating to human settlements - they are throwing animals with chili powder - filled condoms .
It has proved effective and the Honeyguide Foundation , which came up with it several years ago , together with the US Nature Conservancy , has stepped up its advertising by training volunteers in the villages of Northern Tanzania to use a non - violent four - step approach to protect homes and crops without injuring the animals .
In the past , many people used the cavels to protect themselves .
On Friday , we are celebrating World Elephant Day , which is dedicated to the protection of these animals .
" Ever since we developed ... tools , we have seen a change of attitude in these communities , which are now much more confident that they can keep elephants out of their fields without damaging them " , said Damian Bell , Executive Director of Honeyguide .
The first two steps include the pick - and - mouth display of a penetrating elephant with a pocket lamp and an elephant .
If it does not prevent the animal , the so - called ' chilip cloud ' will be thrown out .
The condom is filled with chilia powder and land mixed with electronic power , and then the condom is caught so that only the thread of lighting can be seen .
When a condom is lighted , it bursts down and pours chilia powder into the air .
One smoke is usually enough to send an elephant in the other direction .
As a last resort , there is a shot in the air at a Roman candle , and the fireworks are producing a loud , clear explosion .
RT News : The Jewish filmmaker criticises the Berlin hotel , which removed Israel 's number of names at the request of the Arabs
The French , Jewish - style filmmaker unleashed a media storm after revealing that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin is not listing the Israeli number , which , according to the worker , is due to ' requests ' from Arab customers .
Claude Lanzmann , the holocaust documentary Shoah , showed his frustration at the Berlin - based Kempinski Bristol hotel by writing an open letter in a German FAZ publication .
During his recent overnight stay , Mr Lanzmann tried to find the country directory offered by the Israeli hotel .
However , the country was not mentioned among the countries that can be telephoned directly from the hotel room .
How can it be that in 2016 , in Berlin , in the new German capital , Israel has been removed and wiped out ?
Mrs Lanzmann wrote .
Kempinski Bristol , on the other hand , offers an opportunity to call Israel via his own telephone centre .
In seeking an explanation , the filmmaker raised the issue at the receipt of the hotel .
Mr Lanzmann wrote that the reply ' shocked him ' .
The receptionist of the hotel said it was a ' considered decision by the management of the Kempinski Hotels ' .
The reason for this decision caused even more outrage among the film - makers .
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they are calling for the abolition of the Israeli number " , the worker is reported to have said .
The Israeli Ambassador , Yakov Hadas - Handelsman , calls the case ' great injustice ' , Zuddeutsche Zeitung reports .
" We were horrified and shocked by this incident .
That in itself is a great injustice .
But what is even more shameful is that it happened in Germany and in this hotel chain .
There is no need for explanations .
We expect the hotel to draw the right conclusions . "
The incident provoked quite a response online when people called it a scandal .
Some claimed that the Kempinski Hotel simply ' gave in ' to the alleged demands of Arab customers .
' Shame on you ' , says another publication , which pointed out that the hotel on the magnificent street of Kurfurstendamm is close to the synagogue .
The hotel itself quickly denied all the charges and called what happened ' involvement ' and ' apologised ' to Mr Lanzmann , Mr Der Spiegel reported .
' The clear order not to include Israel on the rapid selection list was never made ' , says Mr Kempinski 's spokesman that he said Suddeutche Zeitung .
It adds that the number has now been added .
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against Brazilian students demonstrating
On Thursday , students met with the police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo when they met to demonstrate against the reforms of the government 's public education system .
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against demonstrators .
The problems started when law enforcement attempted to break up the student group , which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas .
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their horror at the plans .
According to the proposals of the Governor of Sao Paolo , Paulo Geraldo Alckmin , just under 100 public schools would be closed and 300 000 pupils would be resettled to save money .
Some of those who took part in the demonstration were seen to write on the walls graffits against the interim President Michel Temer .
This latest demonstration took place only days after the demonstrators set out as one to support President Dilma Rousseff , who was arrested , while the country 's Senate voted on his charge of office .
RT Business : sudden increase in trade between Russia and Iran 71 %
Since the lifting of the sanctions , the turnover of trade between Moscow and Tehran has increased by 70.9 % compared to the previous year , says the Russian Ambassador to Iran , Levan Dzhagarya .
Since the lifting of international sanctions against Iran , Russian companies have to a large extent shown an interest in transactions in the country , the ambassador said .
Russian companies are continuing their existing ties with Iran , while new companies are ready to enter the market .
" Of course , one of the main objectives of Iran 's two - way cooperation is to expand trade " , said Dzhagaryan .
He pointed out that , in the first five months of 2016 , the turnover of trade between Russia and Iran rose by 70.9 % compared to the same period of 2015 , amounting to a total of USD 856 million .
Russia 's exports to Iran , in particular , increased by 91.5 % , totalling USD 697 million .
Russia 's imports from Iran rose by 16 % to USD 158 million .
" Trade growth was achieved through the supply of machines , vehicles and weapons " , says Ambassador .
Moreover , this year , Dzhagaryan is waiting for a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia .
Last year , the Russian foreign representative in Iran issued some 35 000 visas to Iranian citizens , mainly for travel .
Iran was also , for the first time , among the 20 countries with the highest number of tourists in Russia .
" It is safe to say that last year 's record number of Iranian tourists in Russia will break " , he said .
At the same time , fairly few Russians visit Iran , which the ambassador hopes will change .
" I can personally recommend a visit to the towns of Isfahan , Shiraz and Yazd , where monuments of ancient Persian civilisation have been kept in good condition . "
Scottish Callum Skinner collapsed while the British cracked gold
Callum Skinner in Scotland was honoured in the men 's team print in the Rio cycling stadium last night when the British team trio defended its championship from London in 2012 .
A 23-year - old from Glasgow was an anchor in the role of his Scottish colleague Sir Chris Roy , the legend was proud of a young man when he was a battle to finish , a predominant favourite of victory for the New Zealand team .
Britain won the shock four years ago , while Hoy won the fifth of his six Olympic golds .
And they repeated the trick after being stationed modestly at the sixth March World Cup in London , when Hoy has since closed its competition .
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of the special envoy Jamie Staff .
This was achieved just in time when Hindes appeared .
The end of Hoy also created a vacuum that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill .
Mr Skinner was the man to whom British coachs insisted on the potential in Scotland that has now been realised .
Hindes , Kenny - who won the championship with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner recorded the Olympic Games in time , but New Zealand took the lead in the first round .
And the British trio won the battle over gold .
Hindes lagged far behind after his own round , but Kenny bullied at the head of the team , and Mr Skinner insisted on it .
The strategic change was a major part of the shift , and Hindes was driven up at a bigger gear to slow down and allow Kenny , and Skinner in particular , to keep up the pace .
Hoy followed his position as an expert on the BBC and drew the attention of Mr Skinner , Mr Kenny and Mr Hindes when they entered the platform .
The 23-year - old Glasgowan Skinner said : ' Comparison is flattering ' .
I am here simply to do my best and to gain a reputation .
In the final we recorded the Olympic Games and won the world champions .
It was quite incredible .
There can be no better way to win .
After winning in London in 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy , Hindes admitted that he had deliberately collapsed on the line after a bad start .
He subsequently withdrew his comments and the British competitors have not complained .
This time there was no similar problem with overwhelming profit .
Hindes said : ' It felt like having been in London when there were so many British flags on the pedestrian ' .
As a team , we found contact over the last three months .
We have lost so many world championships , so winning the Olympic Games again is simply fantastic .
One event , one gold medal for the people , who won seven out of ten cycling species in both Beijing and London .
If this reflects the developments of the last five months , we will be awaiting a successful five - day cycling stadium .
On the basis of the decency shown by Mr Kenny , it is not at all impossible to imagine him repeating the Hoy act of winning three Olympic gold in one Olympic Games .
This would mean that the total number of medals in Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy , who was also born on 23 March ( apparently on that sacred day in British sport , which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave , Mo Farah and Roger Bannister ) - would rise to six gold and one silver .
It would be the same as Hoylla .
Kenny is the next to compete in the sprint , which starts today and takes three days .
A 28-year - old from Bolton said : ' I only enjoy this one .
A team contest is always the best .
It will be won together with the friends .
To be honest , winning alone is alone . "
Hindes said : ' If he wins the other two gold medals , he should be given the value of a knight ' .
This was the only medal contest today , but Britain received more good news .
Sir Bradley Wiggins , Ed Clancy , Steven Burke and Owain Doull were the quickest in time in the four - kilometre team running .
Their time was 3 : 51 : 943 .
The world record winning gold in London in 2012 is 3 : 51 : 659 .
The first round and the final ( 22.42 ) will take place today , the second competition day , when Mr Wiggins will certainly be the focus of attention .
He had a dispute with the judges yesterday before the timeframe when he was invited by officials to measure his length .
In a similar women 's competition , which continues and ends tomorrow , Laura Trott , Joanna Rowsell Shand , Elinor Barker and Milgavian Katie Archibald moved forward in world record time as the clock stops at 4:13:260 .
The British team has learned to rely on its great traincycle team to take over the centre of the Olympic Games and reach a whole series of medals .
Having put forward truly exceptional and complete management in Beijing and London , expectations have been played down before the Rio Games .
The background has been a drama , not least the resignation of the technical leader , Shane Sutton , in April on charges of sexism and bullying , and the end of the competition of big figures such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton .
However , on the basis of first - evening competitions in the cycling stadium , it seems that Britain 's legendary reputation is now reaching its peak at the perfect moment could be true once again .
Portland 's smeltless future due to the cut in the electricity contract
The Victoria aluminium smelter in Portland , as well as hundreds of jobs , has an uncertain future when an electricity company distributing electricity revealed that one of the owners of the factory is about to terminate a distribution contract , so we expect a cut in all distribution contracts .
The measure follows a decision by the Victoria administration earlier this year not to extend the aid required for the operation of the plant .
The aid for a period of 20 years will end in November .
Up to 2000 jobs could be put at risk at the Alcoan Portland plant .
Even 2000 jobs can be put at risk , directly or indirectly , by the closure of the factory .
In addition , a snowball effect may be possible , as smelting uses around 10 % of Victoria 's total electricity production .
In 2014 , Alcoa closed the smelting of Point Henry , which led to the closure of the Anglesean plant last year .
Alcoan Portland 's smelting is losing money and is under threat of closure .
The measure is now following years of speculation about the future of the factory , which started with a strong Australian dollar and has recently been due to the price of the plant 's production .
AGL , which is distributing electricity to a large aluminium smelter from its Loy Yang An power plant in the Latrobe Valley , said it also expects the other three owners to terminate their contracts .
Most of the factory is owned by the Alcoa - Alumina Group and the Chinese CITIC and the Japanese Marubeni Corp own smaller shares .
" AGL looks forward to the continuation of the Portland plant , which means that smeltless physical electricity needs will continue . "
According to AGL , these are so - called " protection agreements " which were due to enter into force in November 2016 .
Contracts have a 12-month termination period , so they will effectively expire in 2017 .
" That is why AGL expects contracts to deliver results for the 2017 financial year " said the electricity company .
All possible results for AGL from the financial year 2018 onwards are currently limited by strong outlook for wholesale electricity prices on the futures market .
AGL said it had already reduced the value of contracts by USD 187 million in its bookkeeping .
Alcoa said that the decision to terminate the agreements ' will not affect Alcoa 's ... ability to keep melting in operation or to secure seal - free electricity supply ' .
The US company said that it concluded a 20-year agreement with Loy Yang in 2010 and that the agreement should have entered into force in November this year , but it has not yet explained why it withdrew .
Analysts have been on guard , both because of the melting of Portland in Victoria and because of the possible closure of the Tomago plant near Newcastle , which is in a poor economic situation .
Earlier this week , AGL 's Executive Director , Stephen Mikkelsen , told analysts that Portland uses about 600 megawatts of electricity every year and Tomago uses about 900 megawatts .
" If both factories withdraw from the market , this will represent a significant reduction in demand for the [ electricity ] market .
As a producer of electricity , that would not be a good thing . "
Kendall , not just the real - time star of the Kardashian people , is on the complaint of Vogue in September .
Kendall Jenner , 20 , the model and the fourth daughter of Kris Kardashian - Jenner 's Clan , is in line with the US Vogue 's desired September number .
Mr Kendall , who is Estee Lauder 's Brand ambassador and was inspired by the fashion weeks in Milan , Paris and New York , announced the news on Thursday in his Instagram account .
' Looking at this complaint in a room full of loved people made me cry . '
The declaration was followed by a strange ( or perhaps just like the Cardashian - style ? ) , a script - written video in which the whole of the Kardashian - Jenner clan ( excluding the problematic cases Rob and Caitlyn , with all the favourite entertainment , the producer of Keeping Up , Ryan Seacrest ) forgot about his sister , but which ended in a classic turn : they were planning a surprise festival .
It is a cliché of almost every child 's ' birthday period ' ( Seacrest says in turn ' I do not think we would forget you with the credibility of the wooden bag ) , but the crisis had to make other girls somehow benefit from this publicity .
This is because we have certainly moved on to a new era in the Cardashians with the Vogue seat in September .
Mr Kendall 's big sister , Mr Kim , may have brought Mr Vogue 's action first ( he shared it with his husband , Kanye West , in April 2014 ) , but the September number is one of his own .
September Vogue 's number is the largest selling edition of the whole year .
Its thickness is more like a coffee protocol than a fashion leaf and attracts a huge number of advertisers ( from Fashion it was calculated that 615 of the 832 pages of last year contained advertising content ) .
It is so eagerly awaited that for the last two years the images of the newspaper have leaked before the official declaration .
Previous women have complained , for example , about Naomi Campbell , Linda Evangel and Kate Moss .
Indeed , in recent years the complaint has had more ' public ' models that serve as models than ' public models ' .
The winner of Oscar and ambassador of Dior , Jennifer Lawrence , was on the claim in 2013 , one year after the Lady Gaga honour .
But if it were to happen that Jenner , who is described by the newspaper as a ' success model ' of his generation , would hit the first category , he would be in quite a good company .
These publications are not relatives or real stars of famous people , or young people of today who can make a good Snapchat video ( even though Jenner is all of this ) .
They are rightly talented women who are successful in the entertainment industry .
The national model of Beyonce last year , with the publication of Lemonade , has been one of the strongest years of his career .
Of course , not everyone is pleased with the success of Jenner .
His real - television history will always make Jenner 's position in the fashion world difficult .
In June , the original Victoria 's Secret model , Stephanie Seymour , criticised Jenner and his colleague , Gigi Hadid , who called them ' confused for the moment ' .
This feeling came to the surface once again with the Vogue in Jenner .
But it is inappropriate to go down the road of dissatisfaction .
Mr Kendall Jenner is in charge of September Vogue .
He is a supermodel in the purest sense of the word .
He is a model for Marc Jacobs .
He is selling you Estee Lauder 's music cream .
He and all his sisters are selling you pictures of themselves in their own applications behind a payment wall .
He sells pictures of the daughter of Cindy Crawford who he took to LOVE .
And in his leisure time , perhaps just to see the sister Kourtney and his children , he is a real - time TV star .
160 000 people are turned away every year by the Community 's legal centres .
More than 160 000 of the most vulnerable people are turned away from the Community 's legal centres every year , as the sector prepares for the effects of further financial cuts on its already extreme frontiers .
In Queensland , three out of five people - mainly the elderly , immigrants , vulnerable workers , victims of violence , those who do not have the means to combat unfair evictions and so on - are already being turned away when they are seeking free legal advice and representation .
Legal services that are already stretched to the limits of the Community are preparing for further cuts .
In June next year , these legal centres are due to lose 30 % of their federal funding .
James Farrell , the Director of the Community 's Legal Centres in Queensland , said that , according to the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres , thousands of people are already being turned away every year .
Mr Farrell said that if the decision of the federal government is not withdrawn , the situation will only get worse .
" The Community 's legal centres in Queensland are chronically underfunded , which means that every year thousands of people are turned away from the essential services they need . "
People leaving violent relations with uncontrolled and degrading debts , families separated , workers unjustly dismissed - all of these people have legal problems , and this report shows that they are not getting the help they need .
The federal government will cut funding by 30 % in June 2017 , which means that thousands of vulnerable residents of Queensland will be forced to navigate amid complex legal problems without help .
We call on the Minister of Justice and Senator George Brandis of Queensland to immediately reverse these financial cuts so that people can get the help they need in their legal problems .
Last year , the government of the state delivered on its promise to raise the funding of legal aid to the national average .
Now is the time to look at the needs of the Community Legal Centre and their customer communities , and the Palaszczuk Government must invest in this important work .
The Donald Trump campaign was taken to court after the worker was alleged to have been threatened with a weapon
New York : The Donald Trump campaign was sued for allegedly not doing anything after they were told that the head of the campaign in North Carolina was threatening the worker with a gun in February while driving them in Jeep .
The incident was described in a proceeding brought on Wednesday by Vincent Bordin , the former software trainee of the State campaign , in Charlotte , the State Court .
He said that he waited for months for the situation to be dealt with internally before he realised ' it would not happen ' .
Commissioner Earl Phillip ' raised a pistol , put his real finger on the glue and pushed the pipe against the Vincent knee - jerk . "
After complaining to the local and regional campaign administration , Mrs Bordini heard that at least four other people had had the same experience with Phillip , the complaint was brought .
" Weapons do not need to be launched to cause damage " , said Bordi in the complaint .
The challenge comes just two days after the indignation of the Republican presidential candidate when he told the public in North Carolina that the ' second addition ' - usually involving arms owners and armamentists - could take action if his competitor Hillary Clinton was elected and the judges selected .
Mr Trumpi 's campaign said that the media has taken his words out of context and that he is not in favour of violence .
The Bordin challenge seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent control , as well as from Phillip for violence , ill - treatment and emotional shock .
Mr Hope Hicks , the spokesman for Mr Trump , did not respond immediately to the request for comments .
The attempts to reach Phillip failed .
WCCB , a local news company in Charlote , reported that Phillip had recently left the campaign .
His call to Innovative Consulting Services was not immediately answered .
The campaign by the Republican presidential candidate , Donald Trump , has been controversial .
The case is Bordi v Donald J. Trump for President Inc. , 16-CS14300 , General Court of Justice , Superior Court Division Council of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ) .
Britain must channel the spirit of the Olympic Games and extend Heathrow
Heathrow will bring recovery and prosperity to the whole country , not just to local communities and all over London .
For me , this was a great attraction from Heathrow , just as it was also an attraction to the 2012 Games in London , when we went to tremendous lengths to ensure that all our peoples and regions benefited .
The Olympic Games brought enormous benefits to Stratford and East End .
And we are doing so again by creating opportunities for local people and businesses near Heathrow .
10 000 new traineeships and 40 000 new jobs will be created for local communities alone , and youth unemployment around the airport will be eliminated .
Just as before the 2012 London Games , some people come to think that the challenge of extending Heathrow is too great .
I was told that Britain would never be ready for the Games and that we would be ashamed of the world .
The sceptics were wrong in 2012 and they will be wrong with Heathrow .
There are always obstacles to be overcome , but Mr Heathrow will answer every question that is put to him .
Like the Olympic Games , Heathrow is an infrastructure project for many , not just a few .
Enlargement is an opportunity to create up to 180 000 new jobs and GBP 211 billion economic growth , leaving the legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and around the UK .
In Heathrow , we have a great team that has put in place an infrastructure investment programme of GBP 11 billion on time and in the budget : from T5 , which has been voted for the best airport terminal in the world for five years in a row , to T2 , which was built between the two busiest runways in the world .
The team is now ready to complete the third runway , supported by GBP 16 billion of private money .
The London Olympic Games in 2012 were a great success for Britain , and I am convinced that Heathrow 's expansion is one too .
It is time we channelled the spirit of the Olympic Games and extended Heathrow , secured the future of our trade and created a legacy of skills and employment of which Britain can be proud .
Lord Paul Deighton is the Chairman of the Heathrow Board and a former commercial secretary of the Ministry of Finance .
Adblock Plus and Facebook in the Cat and Mouse game for blocking advertising
For companies that receive money from online advertising , attempts to bypass the programme that blocks advertising are a ' cat and mouse game ' , one of the companies that manufactures such a programme said .
On Thursday , just two days after Facebook announced that it would prevent advertising obstructors on its computer - based pages , Adblock Plus published a blog book saying that users could update the programme filters to block advertisements again on the social network pages .
On Tuesday , Facebook said that its website code would be exchanged from advertising to make it more difficult for advertisers to detect which parts of it are advertising .
But now Mr Adblock says it has circumvented the new code .
In a blogpiece , Mr Ben Williams , the representative of Adblock , wrote that ' this kind of back - and - burner battle between the Community of Open Source Advertising and its rotators has been going on since the blocking of advertising was invented ' and that it is possible that Facebook will come up with a solution soon .
The fact that the world 's largest social media company has taken part in the fight is a strong indication of the gravity of the blockades of advertising for industry .
Worldwide , around 200 million use advertising blockades , as reported in last year 's Pagefair and Adobe studies , which is almost four times the amount that used these programmes in 2013 .
1.03 million active daily users use Facebook on mobile devices and mobile advertising now covers 84 % of Facebook advertising revenue .
However , the company is behind the barriers to computer - used page advertising , as mobile advertisers do not operate on Facebook 's mobile applications to the social network or Instagram , the representative said .
Advertising on computers still generates enough revenue for Facebook to deem this type of measure worth investing .
Facebook also said on Tuesday that it would update its ' Preference ' tool to give people more power over how advertisements are targeted at them .
On Thursday , Mr Facebook claimed that the new filters from Adblock were worrying because they would also prevent some of the website 's non - advertising content .
" This is not a good experience for people and we have plans to tackle the problem " , said Facebook in an e - mail statement .
Advertising blockades are boring tools , which is why we have instead concentrated on building tools such as Ad Preferences , which give people control .
On the Swiss motorway , a woman was left under the car , apparently because of suicide .
The victim was on a motorway in the middle of the night .
The police are looking for witnesses after the woman on the motorway was left behind by several vehicles in the early hours of Thursday in what was apparently a suicide case .
The incident took place on the A1 road near Morges ' canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday .
A woman committed a ' desperate act ' and set out in the dark to follow a road in which she was hit by a number of vehicles , the Vaud police said in a statement .
The victim , who clearly tried to kill herself , was a 49-year - old Swiss woman who had a number of vehicles , including a lorry .
He died on the ground .
Many of the drivers involved in the incident have already been interrogated , but not all of them have yet been identified , were told by the police , who are calling on them and all the witnesses of the incident to register .
Criminal investigations have started , which is a ' logical ' step in a situation like this , the lawyer , Gilles Hofstetter , told Le Tribune de Geneva .
" But it remains to be seen whether any of the drivers involved will be prosecuted .
Was it possible to avoid a collision ?
It will be left to the prosecutor . "
Two similar cases in the last five years suggest that drivers are not held liable .
In both cases - both of which were people who walked on the dark motorway - it was considered that motorists could not expect to meet a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night .
Last year , the police were acquitted of charges of failure to carry out death after having hit and killed a man on the A ! road near Paynerne one night in August 2014 .
A 22-year - old victim had drunk and had been extinguished , the court was told .
The Court found that a police officer who was responding to an emergency call was rightly driving and that the presence of a man on the road was ' a totally exceptional and unpredictable situation ' , the judge said .
Anyone who has information on Thursday 's case near Morges must call the police number 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44 .
NASA climate model : Venus was once resident
According to NASA 's estimates of the new climate model , Venus was probably once resident .
The scientists at the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model for studying Venus 's past using tools and algorithms similar to those used by climate scientists .
The model was designed to find out if Venus , with its hot surfaces , watered surfaces and the atmospheres filled with CO2 , could sometimes have land - based conditions .
Scientists have previously argued that Venus 's slow rate of rolling explains its thick atmosphere .
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus could have had a thin atmosphere , similar to that of the country , and yet it could have moved slowly .
The model also looked at the early topography of Renus .
The planet probably had more dry areas than the earth , but once it had enough water and geographical variations to enable life and to protect against rapid water evaporation .
Early Russia also had the advantage of a 30 % more sun .
" In the GISS model simulation , Venus 's slow turnover reveals its day - to - day sun for almost two months at a time . "
This will heat the surface and generate rain , which will create a thick layer of cloud which will act as an umbrella to protect the surface for a large part of the sun 's heat .
As a result , average global temperatures are actually a few degrees cooler than the country 's current temperatures .
The model produced a story from the developments in Venus , similar to what the planet scientists had previously assumed .
Although Venus probably had to live at some time , it was exposed to excessive heat and ultraviolet light over several billion years .
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapours burned in ultraviolet light .
When hydrogen escaped , all that remained was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide , with the deadly greenhouse gas effects - Venus , which we know today .
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in Geophysical Research Letters .
Patrick Roy divests the Avalanche coach 's pest
On Thursday , Patrick Roy resigned from the posts of the coach of Colorado Avalanche and Vice - President of the Ice Hockey Affairs , citing as a reason the lack of influence in the decision - making process of the team .
Joe Sakic , deputy CEO / CEO of Colorado , confirmed this information and mentioned that the team will start immediately to find a new coach .
" For the last three years , I have done my duty as Vice - President and Chief Coach of Ice Hockey Affairs in Colorado Avalanche with enthusiasm , passion and determination . "
During the summer , I have been thinking long and hard about how to improve this team in order to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level .
In order to achieve this , the view of the coach and the Deputy Director - General for ice hockey cases must be fully in line with the view of the organisation .
He must also be able to influence the decisions that affect the performance of the team .
These conditions are not being met at present .
Mr Sakic , who hired Mr Roy on 23 May 2013 , thanked him for his contribution to the team .
" Patrick told me about his decision today " , said Sakic .
We appreciate everything he has done for the organisation and we wish him well in the future .
Mr Roy was appointed the winner of the Jack Adams Award for the Best Coach in the League during his first term of office in Avalanche , 2013 - 14 .
He led the team to 112 points and to a victory for the central division , but Minnesota brought down Colorado in the first round of the knockout game and the team has not been able to continue in the last two years .
The Avalanche game in 2015 - 16 ended with 39 victories , 39 losers and 4 tables , and the team lost five points to Wild , losing the Western Conference 's wild card dropping ground .
The elected goalwinner of the Hall of Fame , Roy , won four Stanley Cups - two in both Montreal Canadiens and Avalanche .
North Sea oil workers to resume negotiations and suspend the strike
The industrial struggles of the oil workers in the North Sea for wages will be postponed when all the parties in the dispute are sitting down for the new round , the leading negotiators said .
Strikes against the Wood Group have taken place occasionally on the North Sea platforms led by Royal Dutch Shell .
" The Wood Group and the Unite and RMT associations can confirm that we have agreed to resume the process of resolving the current dispute " , says the joint statement .
We will have several full - day meetings in the next few weeks , starting next week , so that we can take a fresh view of the problems .
According to the trade unions , their recent industrial action , which they say is the first in more than 25 years , was a protest against possible wage cuts of up to 30 % .
This year , the Wood Group cut North Sea contractors ' premiums by around 9 % due to negative market pressure .
The reduction in the company 's premium will result in a 10 % reduction in the number of contractors in its countries for 2014 .
The company said that further cuts would give the company the room to cope with the downturn in the market .
Shell , for its part , has cut thousands of people off from its pay lists and announced plans to abandon oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries , as the company is lightening its operations as a result of its giant merger with the British energy company BG Group .
Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices , and this economic situation is aggravated by the British decision to leave the European Union in June .
Dave Anderson , a Scottish MEP , met with federal leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the generation 's biggest labour disputes in the North Sea .
He said that the North Sea is essential for the economy of the region .
" We need an economy that works for many , not just for a few , both in the North Sea and in the whole country " , he said .
In 2016 , the North Sea is expected to invest less than USD 1.4 billion in new projects , while the average for the last five years has been around USD 7 billion .
Kepler measures the speed of rolling of stars among Plejadie stars
The latest task of Kepler Space Tescope has helped astronomers to collect the most complete list of speeds for the rolling of the Plejadie stars .
The new data will help astronomers to understand why stars in the stars revolve at varying speeds , as well as the periods of rotation linked to planet formation .
" We hope that by comparing our results with other star classes , we will now learn more from the relationship between the history of the mass , its age and even the history of the solar society " , said Luisa Rebull , a scientist of the Pasadena Centre for the processing and analysis of Caltech 's infrared .
The Plejadie stars are 445 light years away from the country .
Many of the stars were born some 125 million years ago and are now reaching adulthood .
They are now revolving at their top level .
At their peak cycling speed , these adult stars are plunging large numbers of stars .
When these winds pass through the magnetic fields of the stars , they put the brakes on the stars .
As the star gets older , its rate of rolling is starting to slow down .
Kepler measures the speed of rolling for each star by monitoring the appearance of identifiable star spots such as sunshinks .
The latest list of star rolling speeds indicates that the more massive stars cycle more slowly than the less massive stars .
Rebull compares the stars to dancers , which the bigger make the piracy more slowly than the smaller ones .
In the ' Plejads ' ballet ' we see that slow cyclists are usually more massive , while the fastest cyclists are usually very light stars . "
Since the Plejadie stars are so close , it is an ideal cosmic laboratory for assessing the characteristics of stars at rolling speeds .
" The crowd of Plejads stars offers anchor anchor rolling to theoretical models comprising both directions , younger and older " , said Rebull .
We still have a lot to learn from how , when and why the stars are slowing down their cycling speed and , so to speak , hanging their dance - eagle on the nail .
Rebull and his colleagues described their latest analysis of the Plejadie rolling speeds in three articles which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal .
