Spectacular Wingsuit jump over Bogotá
The athlete Jhonathan Florez jumped from a helicopter over Bogotá , the Colombian capital , on Thursday .
With a wingsuit ( a combination with wings ) , it passed 160 km / h over the famous Monserrate Sanctuary , over 3,000 metres above sea level , where many badauds had gathered to observe its feat .
A black box in your car ?
While road planners in the United States are struggling to find the money to repair the decaying motorway infrastructure , many of them see a solution in the form of a small black box that stands over the dashboard of your car .
The aircraft , which records all the miles driven by a motorist and transmits the information to government officials , is at the centre of a controversial attempt in Washington and in the government planning offices to re - engineer the obsolete system of financing major U.S. roads .
The generally irrelevant sector of major - axis planning has suddenly sparked a lively debate and moved alliances .
Libertarians have joined with environmental groups to press for the government to use the small boxes to keep track of the miles you are driving , and possibly the road you are driving , and then use the information to draft a tax bill .
The Tea Party is lashed .
The American Civil Liberties Union , too , is very concerned and is concerned about privacy .
And while members of the Congress can not agree on whether to continue , several States have not waited .
They are looking at how , over the next decade , they will be able to move to a system that allows drivers to pay for the number of miles they drive .
Thousands of motorists have already embarked these black boxes , sometimes equipped with a GPS monitoring system , for an experimental turn .
That is really essential for our nation .
" It 's not as if we had the choice , " said Hasan Ikhrata , Executive Director of the Southern California Association of Governments , who anticipates that the state will begin to record miles by every California motorist by 2025 .
There will be a change in the way we pay these taxes .
The technology is there to do it .
The pressure comes from the fact that the country 's Highway Trust Fund , financed with the taxes that the Americans pay at the pump , is financially dry .
The Americans no longer buy as much gasoline as before .
Cars can travel more than one mile with a gallon .
The federal tax itself , which is 18.4 cents per gallon , has not increased for 20 years .
Politicians are reluctant to increase the tax , even by 1 cent , while gasoline prices are high .
" The gas tax is simply not sustainable , " said Lee Munnich , a transportation policy specialist at the University of Minnesota .
His State had recently installed tracers on 500 cars to test a pay - per - mile system .
" This is the most logical alternative in the long run , " he said .
Wonks calls this for user fees on mileage .
Not surprisingly , the idea of attracting urban liberals , since taxes could be used to change driving habits so as to reduce congestion and gas emissions , for example .
California 's planners are interested in the system as they develop strategies to meet the targets set in the state 's ambitious laws on global warming .
However , Representative Bill Shuster ( R - Pa . ) , Chair of the House of Representatives Transport Committee , stated that he also considered it to be the most viable alternative in the long term .
Supporters of the Reason Foundation 's free market also appreciate the idea of charging drivers a mile .
" This is not just a tax that snakes into a big black hole , " said Adrian Moore , Vice - President of Policy at the Reason Foundation .
People pay more directly for the benefits they get .
The movement is also supported by two former US Transport Secretaries who , in a 2011 report , urged Congress to go on the road to pay per mile .
The U.S. Senate approved a $ 90-million pilot project last year that would have covered about 10,000 cars .
But the Speaker killed the proposal , responding to the concerns of rural legislators representing voters who have to travel many miles every day to work or to the city .
However , several States and cities are making progress .
The most determined is Oregon , which mobilized 5,000 drivers to lead the country 's most important experience .
These motorists will soon pay the government for kilometres instead of gasoline taxes .
Nevada has already completed a pilot project .
New York City is considering one .
Illinois is trying a test on a limited number of trucks .
And the I-95 coalition , which includes 17 agencies involved in road transport in states along the US east coast ( including Maryland , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Florida ) , is looking at how it could implement change .
The concept is not a universal success .
In Nevada , where about 50 volunteer motorists recently equipped their cars with an aircraft , drivers were concerned that the government could follow their actions .
" Big Brother 's concerns and things are a big problem , " said Alauddin Khan , who leads strategic performance management in Nevada 's Department of Transportation .
This is not something people want .
From the start of the test , the Nevada ACLU warned on its site : " It would be relatively easy to turn these devices into full - fledged positioning devices . "
There is no need to build a huge and cumbersome technological infrastructure that will inevitably be expanded to keep records of people 's daily walks and comes .
Nevada is one of the few States that are now struggling to find an affordable technology that would allow the State to know how many miles a car it travels , but without knowing the exact place or time .
If we can do that , Khan added , citizens will be more comfortable .
Research into this technology has led some state agencies to use a small start - up in California called True Mileage .
Initially , the company was not intended to help motorists who paid taxes to the states .
She sought to enter the emerging market for car insurance , in which drivers would pay based on their mileage .
But the devices she is testing have been pretty good for the planners on the main axes because they do not use GPS and provide a limited amount of information , downloaded periodically by modem .
" People will be more inclined to do that if you do n't record their speeds and do n't locate them , " said True Mileage 's general manager , Ryan Morrison .
Major mistakes have been made in the pilot programmes of some States .
There are much cheaper ways and much less intrusive methods to proceed .
In Oregon , planners try the experience by offering drivers different choices .
They can choose a device with or without GPS .
They may still choose not to have at all , preferring instead to pay a package based on the average number of miles travelled by all residents of the state .
Other States hope to sell the concept to unsuspicious citizens by allowing the aircraft to do more , rather than not enough .
In New York City , transport officials are looking to develop a tax system that would also be equipped to pay parking fees , provide " driving insurance " and create a real - time speed data set from other drivers that motorists could use to avoid congestion .
" Motorists would be encouraged to participate because of the benefits of the system , " said an urban development document .
However , some transport planners are wondering whether the whole debate on payment at mile is not simply a huge diversion .
At the Metropolitan Transportation Commission in the San Francisco Bay area , officials say Congress could very simply manage the bankruptcy of the Highway Trust Fund by raising gasoline taxes .
A single or additional annual tax could be levied on drivers of hybrid vehicles and on others whose vehicles do not consume a lot of gasoline , so that everyone pays their fair share .
" There is no need for radical surgery when you simply need aspirin , " said Randy Rentschler , Director of Legislation and Public Affairs to the Commission .
If we do that , hundreds of millions of motorists will be worried about their privacy and a lot of other things .
David Bowie : four listeners
The English musician did not end up surprising this year .
From The Next Day , released in January , he has a luxury re - edition scheduled for November 4 , with several news .
Four have already emerged on the Web .
The announcement of a new album by David Bowie left everyone pantois .
On the day of his 66th birthday , January 8 , 2013 , he had declared that a new album would be released in March .
After ten years of silence ( the last record , Reality , date of 2003 ) and too few appearances in public , the English musician proved that he could still be relied on to scintillate the pop scene .
A feast for his fans
Not surprised , David Bowie had more than one tour in his bag with The Next Day .
The Thin White Duke planned to re - publish this album on November 4 .
For the occasion , he concocted a true feast for his fans .
This re - edition , entitled The Next Day Extra , will take the form of three discs : the original album , unpublished studio sessions and remixes , as well as a DVD containing the four clips already unveiled .
The Next Day Extra will contain a total of ten more titles than the original album : the three songs of the Deluxe edition , five songs specially unveiled for the occasion , and two remixes .
David Bowie made the presentations of this beautiful box in a video .
It introduces both the discs , but also the accessories provided with : exclusive photos and pockets , a booklet to share its own impressions , a booklet with lyrics ...
And , above all , he gives a foretaste of his new title Atomica , typically in the vein of The Next Day , with guitars very forward and a skilfully controlled rock electricity .
News Already Listening
But Atomica is not the only title to unveil its charms .
The Informer , Like A Rocket Man , Born In A UFO are also available on canvas .
The Informer is double - faceted : a worrying introductory before a light cavalcade that gradually slows down to give way to a pop ballad .
On Like A Rocket Man , did Bowie want to make a small reference to the Rocket Man of Elton John , or even Gravity ?
With this title , the singer seems in his element when he no longer has his feet on earth .
Space Oddity was much more serious .
On Born In A UFO , David Bowie again refers to his strangeness : would he come from another planet ?
The guitar riffs , astounding , make you want to leave the Earth .
Bowie has fun playing the cameleon with these titles : tower to informator , man on a rocket , Martian potential ...
He conceals and reveals at the same time , plays to adopt various personalities , as he has done throughout his career , notably with his characters Ziggy Stardust and Aladdin Sane .
Not surprisingly , he had a mask by his hand in the photograph of the campaign L'Invitation au Voyage , of the brand Louis Vuitton , whose new face he embodies .
It will appear in one of their advertising spots , broadcast on 10 November .
Defence Minister Rob Nicholson insisted that the injured soldiers were not summarily released from the Canadian Armed Forces , and pointed out that a transition process was followed by all soldiers before they returned to civilian life .
Attacked by the Liberals and New Democrats in the House of Commons , Mr. Nicholson assured that prior to their release , members of the army followed a transition plan with their superiors .
All of the injured soldiers receive proper care for their return to civilian life and none of them are released until they are ready , he said .
Critics accuse the government of wanting to save money by not allowing injured members - who do not meet the " universality of service " rule of the army requiring personnel to be able to perform a variety of tasks - to reach the 10-year qualifying period required for pension benefits .
They cited two cases reported by Canadian Press , one of which was a soldier released last Friday .
Corporal David Hawkins , a Reservist in London , Ontario , with post - traumatic stress disorder , was released from the army despite his request to remain for an additional year in order to receive a fully indexed retirement .
His case occurred after that of Corporal Glen Kirkland , who told a parliamentary committee last month that he had been pushed to the exit before he was ready because he did not meet the universality of service rule .
Mr. Hawkins pointed out that a soldier could be prepared to leave , with plans and consultation sessions , but that it was completely different than wanting to leave the ranks .
" I told them I was n't ready , " he said in an interview with Canadian Press on Wednesday .
I asked for months if there was a way to stay , and they said no .
Since the start of the major fighting in Afghanistan , the army has been struggling to determine what latitude it can afford to injured soldiers who want to remain in the ranks but are not fit for combat .
Under the current rules , seriously injured soldiers have up to three years to recover .
If they do not meet the criteria for overseas deployments , they may be forced to leave the army .
Data presented to Parliament last year indicate that of the 1218 soldiers released for medical reasons , 199 had not reached the length of service required to obtain pension benefits .
The Liberal veterans spokesman , Jim Karygiannis , called for the reinstatement of Corporal Hawkins on Wednesday , while the New Democratic Jack Harris called for an immediate end to " this shameful practice . "
Disney put on the shelves to launch an animated series
The US Disney Media and Entertainment Group has decided to focus on the shelves over its own television stations for the upcoming release of a new series for children .
The first nine episodes of Sheriff Callie 's Wild West will be available from November 24th on the watchdisneyjunior.com site or via its phone and tablet application .
Its worldwide launch on Disney Group channels is only scheduled for 2014 , details its Disney Junior Division communiqué .
The cartoon , aimed at children aged 2 to 7 , tells the adventures of the pussy Callie , a sheriff from a city in the West of America , where she has a magical lasso .
Each episode includes two 11-minute stories .
" Interacting with smartphones and shelves is a second nature for children today , " said Albert Cheng , Vice - President for Digital Products at Disney / ABC Television Group , quoted in the press release .
This type of experience is part of Disney 's efforts to " extend the life of his series and build new relationships with his audience through increasingly important digital platforms , " he added .
A survey published earlier this week by Common Sense Media showed an explosion in the use of mobile devices by young children in the United States : 38 % of children under 2 years of age had already used a shelf or phone , and 72 % of children under 8 years of age , compared with 10 % and 38 % , respectively , two years ago .
Snowden stands ready to " cooperate " with Germany on the issue of US surveillance
Edward Snowden , the US intelligence whistleblower , stated that he was willing to go to Berlin to testify before the German parliament if the US National Security Agency and its director Keith Alexander did not provide answers on their activities .
German MEP Hans - Christian Ströbele met Mr Snowden in Russia on Thursday , where he has the right to asylum , to discuss his testimony in Germany .
In a letter from the Member of Parliament to the media in Berlin on Friday , Mr Snowden said : " Although the result of my efforts has clearly been a positive one , my Government continues to treat difference of opinion as a flight and seeks to penalize political discourse with accusations against which it is impossible to defend itself . "
However , to say the truth is not a crime .
In his letter , Mr. Snowden wrote that he believed that the support of the international community could persuade the US government to abandon the criminal charges against him .
In the context of the United States Department of Justice complaint , he is accused of espionage and theft of state property .
Hans - Peter Friedrich , German Home Affairs Minister , told the Zeit Online : " If Mr Snowden is ready to speak to German officials , we will make this possible . "
Relations between the United States and Germany have been put to the test following complaints that the NSA has listened to the mobile phone of German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Thomas Oppermann , the Member of Parliament who heads the parliamentary group overseeing foreign secret services , said that if there was a chance to hear Mr. Snowden as a witness " without endangering him and completely ruining relations with the United States " , it should be used .
Mr Ströbele , a German Green MEP , published a photo of him with Mr Snowden on his account Twitter .
During his visit to Russia , he was accompanied by two German journalists .
Mr. Ströbele stated that , according to counsel for the former NSA consultant , Mr. Snowden could not return to Russia if he left the country .
If Mr. Snowden were to testify in Germany , he should be assured that he would be " safe " there , " he said .
Mr. Snowden wrote in his letter that he had been subjected to a " serious and sustained " persecution campaign that forced him to leave his country .
However , he said that he had been encouraged by the global response to " my act of political expression " .
Citizens around the world , as well as senior officials - including the United States - have seen the revelation of an inexplicable system of continuous monitoring as a public utility .
The letter puts forward an offer of cooperation with the German authorities " when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved " .
Cogeco Cable could soon offer interactive TV
Cogeco Cable subscribers may well have access to applications such as Facebook , Twitter , and ultimately the video - on - demand service Netflix via their TV in the not so distant future .
Cogeco 's subsidiary indicated on Thursday that it is currently conducting preliminary tests of the beta version of this platform with some of its users .
" This will allow us to showcase more user - friendly interfaces and more options , " explained Cogeco 's president and CEO , Louis Audet , in an interview .
Cogeco Cable is following its competitors , such as Bell , even if Cogeco 's subsidiary does not yet have a specific date for this new platform .
" You have to adapt and change or resist change and fail , " said Mr. Audet .
The ultimate goal remains to provide tools that our clients do not currently have access to .
Rogers ' telecommunications giant has already indicated that he could offer Netflix if certain technical details , which were not cited , could be resolved .
In the United States , the popular video service says it is in discussions with some major cable companies to make its service available via their broadcast platforms .
The CEO of Cogeco and Cogeco Cable also welcomed the Harper government 's October 16th Speech from the Throne .
Ottawa wants to force cable and satellite television providers to offer customers the option of paying for pay - per - view services .
" It 's been about two and a half years since we 've been saying that the idea of forcing consumers to buy large channel packages does n't work , " said Mr. Audet .
However , he hoped that the consultations conducted by the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) would result in interesting recommendations .
" From these discussions , there will have to be a kind of new framework for defining our new Canadian cultural policy on television , " said Cogeco .
The CRTC has been consulting with the public since last week and is expected to continue with the industry next spring .
As for the results , Cogeco reported net income of $ 43.8 million in the fourth quarter , or 82¢ per share .
This is a decline from net income of $ 44.9 million , or 83¢ per share , in the same period last year .
The Montreal - based company explains this decline by depreciation costs related to new acquisitions .
Cogeco acquired the U.S.-based Atlantic Broadband cable company in 2012 for $ 1.36 billion .
This was the first major acquisition of the company after the one that had failed in Portugal .
Last December , the Montreal company also purchased Peer 1 Network Enterprises , an Internet provider based in Vancouver , for $ 526 million .
Cogeco 's revenues grew 41.5 % in the fourth quarter to reach $ 504.7 million .
They are $ 1.8 billion for the current fiscal year .
Net income for its principal subsidiary , Cogeco Cable , was $ 43.9 million , or 90¢ per share , down from $ 45.7 million , or 93¢ per share , in the same period last year .
However , Cogeco Cable 's revenues increased by 45 % to $ 470.4 million .
The company lost 15,237 customers in the fourth quarter .
However , for fiscal year 2013 , the number of Cogeco Cable customers is increasing 5546 .
Mr. Audet is not concerned about the number of clients fluctuating in this way .
For me , this is not an indication of a change in trend , he observed .
It varies from quarter to quarter with very intense competition .
Horse in Beef Products
Horse meat has been found in canned beef products sold by two small low - cost British distribution signs , and today announced the Food Hygiene Agency .
Routine testing revealed that the products , produced in January in Romania and sold by the Home Bargains and Quality Save chains , contained 1 - 5 % horse DNA .
" As horse meat is not mentioned in the list of ingredients , it should not have been present in the product , " the British agency explained .
A scandal about the presence of horse meat in cooked dishes broke out in Europe at the beginning of the year , following tests in Ireland .
According to the European Commission , France was the country most affected by the presence of this type of meat in products intended to contain only beef .
A collision between two vehicles caused four injuries on Highway 131 in Lanaudière early Friday .
Shortly before 4:00 a.m. , a motorist driving north in Saint - Félix - de - Valois lost control of his vehicle and hit a car that arrived in the other direction .
The four occupants of the two vehicles were injured , but they were not afraid for their lives .
The traffic had returned to normal at around 6 a.m. on Friday .
Frontier Airlines plans to charge for carry - on baggage
Frontier Airlines plans to charge up to $ 100 for passengers carrying carry - on baggage on its flights .
Frontier Airlines plans to start charging up to $ 100 for carry - on baggage and $ 2 for coffee or soda , although in its announcement on Wednesday , it indicated that passengers could take the unopened can with them on the flight .
The new hand baggage charges are for bags stored in the upper compartment , so the small bags placed under the seat will always be free .
Frontier stated that it would pay $ 25 if the fees were paid in advance and $ 100 if the passengers paid only once at the gate .
Frontier 's spokesperson , Kate O'Malley said the $ 100 was intended to encourage travellers to pay the fees in advance .
" We do n't want to get that price paid , " she said .
The airlines started to charge the first and second checked baggage in 2008 .
Passengers trying to avoid these charges put as many things as they could in hand baggage in the upper compartments , so there was often no room in those compartments .
These fees are a means of ensuring that passengers carry fewer things on board .
O'Malley stated that these new fees will not really be used to raise money .
The goal is to make the most loyal clients of Frontier understand that it is becoming increasingly difficult to find a place in the upper compartments .
Passengers who purchase their tickets on the airline site will not have to pay .
For example , a passenger in queue at a Frontier gate could carry a bag free of charge , while the next person in the tail could have to pay $ 100 for a similar bag .
O'Malley explained that Frontier 's site and check - in procedures are changing to ensure that passengers are aware of these charges before they arrive at the door .
Frontier 's carry - on baggage will not be charged until the summer , although no date has been set .
Passengers often get back and forth about luggage and other charges , but airlines love them .
They feel that the cost of handling baggage is high and that passengers who want it should pay for it .
Many people on Wall Street see the addition of luggage as a sign that airlines are charging enough to cover the cost of air travel after years of loss .
Yet many of them did not pay for luggage .
Spirit Airlines Inc. applied the first hand baggage charges three years ago , and the low - cost company Allegiant followed a little later .
The only other company that imposes such fees is the Hungarian company Wizz Air , said the consultant to Jay Sorensen airlines , who is following the charges closely .
He estimated , in a December 2011 report , that Spirit 's carry - on baggage cost was $ 50 million per year .
Sorensen , a former Midwest Airlines manager , recently travelled to Spirit and wondered what he would find at the boarding gate when passengers would find out about the company 's unusual hand baggage charges .
" I never saw such a fluid boarding procedure in my entire career , " he said .
I expected to see tooth grinches and a fight at the door .
The aircraft was full , he added , " the passengers boarded at the speed of the lightning . "
Frontier also makes a Spirit and charges $ 2 for a coffee , tea , soda or fruit juice .
Frontier indicated that passengers taking a soda or fruit juice can take the unopened can with them , and those taking coffee can be booked free of charge .
It will always distribute water free of charge .
US Airways briefly tried to charge for drinks in 2008 but returned seven months later after the passengers complained and no other major airline had followed .
Frontier 's decision to charge for carry - on baggage when passengers do not purchase their tickets directly from the airline is his last effort to encourage customers to go to his site .
Airlines pay online travel vendors like Orbitz $ 10 to $ 25 for each ticket sold .
This has prompted all airlines to encourage passengers to buy directly from them instead of going to an online travel agency .
However , Frontier has gone further in this area .
In September , it began offering only half miles of loyalty to customers who bought their tickets via an online travel agency .
On Wednesday , it reduced the mileage premiums by 25 % on a trip .
For example , a 1,000-mile Frontier trip purchased from an online travel agency would make 250 miles .
It also allows passengers to choose their seats in advance only if they purchase their tickets directly at the Frontier site .
Frontier has a loyal clientele in her home town , Denver , but her activity is falling and she loses money .
Revenues fell by 9 % and its flight capacity fell by almost 13 % in the first quarter , according to financial results published Wednesday by its parent company , Republic Airways Holdings Inc.
Republic has tried to redress Frontier 's finances by selling the airline .
The NSA is challenging an " internal error " and not hackers for the breakdown of its site .
The National Security Agency , working in the shadow , declared on Friday that it was a bug that caused the breakdown of its public site for a few hours , not hackers as some claimed online .
" NSA.gov remained inaccessible for a few hours tonight due to an internal error that took place during a planned update , " the spy agency said in an email report .
The problem will be solved tonight .
The allegations that the failure was due to a distributed denial of service attack [ DSD ] are false .
Earlier this evening , online server trackers noted that the NSA site had broken down for at least 6 hours , and some users still can not access the site .
Earlier , a NSA spokesperson told ABC News that the Agency 's sensitive internal network was " not at all " compromised .
No classified information is in danger , the spokesperson explained .
At least one group of online hacktivists said they were responsible for the NSA site failure by a DSD attack .
DSD attacks are intended to flood a target site until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses .
Cyber tactics are not very sophisticated and attacks are not intended to enter the internal network of the target system .
The once - secret NSA , a time called the " No Such Agency , " has been under fire and has been heavily criticized in recent months by a wave of revelations about its extensive national and international communications monitoring programs - which are part of the NSA secret files stolen from the agency and disclosed by the NSA 's former disabused consultant , Edward Snowden .
This growing controversy around the agency has led to a lot of speculation that tonight 's incident was the result of a targeted cyber - operation .
The Delta Centre - City now closed
The Delta Centre - Ville Hotel closed on Thursday in Montreal after 36 years .
The investment fund that owned the building sold it to promoters who would turn it into student residences .
Three hundred and fifty people worked at the hotel .
Of these , 200 have still not found new jobs .
Delta promises not to let its employees fall .
Employers came to meet with employees directly on site , and individual employees were met to assess their needs .
" This support will continue for the next six months , " explains Félix Bisson , Regional Manager of Staff Relations at Delta Hotels .
The closure of the Delta is part of a highly competitive hotel market .
The investment fund that owned the building had choices to make .
Either he was reinvesting in the building to continue operating it , so there were investments of tens of millions while the competition is very fierce , there are many new hotels that have appeared in Montreal .
" Or he sold it to someone else and that 's what happened , " explains Paul Arsenault , Transat Tourism Chair at the UQAM School of Management Sciences .
Other Montreal hotels will also be converted in the coming months , such as the Crown Plaza , which will become a seniors ' home .
In the meantime , four hotel projects totalling nearly 600 rooms will be launched in two years ' time .
For the CEO of Titan , " Goodyear Amiens ' project starts with zero employees "
After throwing the sponge in January for the partial takeover of the Goodyear site of North Amiens promised to close , Maurice Taylor , the CEO of the US Tyre Titan , said he was ready today to save 333 jobs out of the 1,137 jobs in the plant .
Arnaud Montebourg , the Minister for Productive Recovery , had already announced it on Monday 21 October .
After renouncing the plan to buy the plant in January , you come back today .
You had spoken of violent attacks and insults , talking of " so - called workers " , who " work three hours " a day , of " mad " unions , targeting the CGT .
This volt - face is not understood .
Is it a pleasure to Mr Montebourg ?
I do not try to please anyone .
Except for my wife .
Mr Montebourg , is a charming young man who is trying to save some of the best - paid industrial jobs .
If I hurt someone with my words , I am sorry .
But France also has a high level of tax and unemployment .
Is the truth hurting you ?
Work seven hours a day when in other countries we work eight hours a day handicap France .
In India , China and many other countries , we work 10 to 12 hours a day .
But I have no prejudices about France .
What I see is a factory that makes good agricultural tires , has good equipment , is well located and has spaces to enlarge .
Why does Titan so need this plant ?
Titan does not need to buy this plant .
But , with a correct price and skilled workers , it is worth trying .
What kind of agreement do you expect between the SGC and Goodyear ?
If , since the announcement of the plant closure , Goodyear had offered employees a good severance pay , I think 100 % of employees would have accepted it .
Now let us imagine that Titan is buying the closed factory from Goodyear .
So Titan could move the machines to Poland or to any other EU country that still has its own currency .
I think Mr Montebourg knows that .
But he wants to keep the Amiens factory with at least 333 well - paid jobs .
Titan agrees to recruit them from among about 1,200 current Goodyear employees .
So Mr Montebourg needs a commitment from Titan before trying to get the SGC to sit at the table with Goodyear .
The first step is that the SGC and Goodyear agree on severance pay for all employees .
As a result , there will be no employees in the plant .
Mr Montebourg said that you are ready to guarantee these 333 jobs for four years .
Do you confirm this ?
The only number I mentioned to the Minister is 333 .
I know he wants a four - year guarantee .
But , as I said to you , the SGC and Goodyear must first agree on severance pay .
If all employees accept them , the plant purchase project starts with zero employees .
How can we give guarantees of tenure when there are no more employees on the site ?
If Mr Montebourg is able to get the CGT and Goodyear to agree and Titan to buy the plant , we intend to stay in Amiens - Nord for more than four years .
Bombardier 's profit is falling , while aircraft deliveries and orders are falling .
Bombardier Inc. , a Canadian aircraft and railroad manufacturer , reported a 15 % drop in its net profit on Thursday , under pressure from lower orders and deliveries of aircraft in the third quarter and from contract problems in its Trains division .
Bombardier , based in Montreal , also did not provide flight test data for its brand - new CSeries aircraft , nor did it provide information on whether the aircraft will meet its ambitious commercial commissioning schedule by September of this year .
After the inaugural flight of the test aircraft about a month and a half ago , the test aircraft flew only three times , and the question then arose as to whether the test phase was on track .
The results were not up to the forecast and stock prices on the Toronto Stock Exchange fell by 8 % .
Cameron Doerksen , an analyst with the National Bank Financial , lowered his rating on Thursday from " overperformance " to " sector performance " due to the low potential for the stock market to rise in the next quarter or two quarters .
" While the decline in aircraft deliveries was largely anticipated , we are truly disappointed by the profit margin in the Transport division , " said Cameron Doerksen in a note to customers .
We believe that Bombardier will record new orders for its CSeries aircraft as the flight test program moves forward .
However , if no new orders are announced in the coming months , we expect the market to become more sceptical about the program .
Bombardier hopes that the family of CSeries aircraft will be able to catapult it in the lower segment of a market now dominated by Boeing and Airbus .
The first test aircraft was unveiled in March and flew for the first time in September after months of delay .
However , the number of firm orders for CSeries has so far been modest at 177 .
Currently , the company has registered a total of 403 purchase orders and commitments with 15 customers and operators .
Pierre Beaudoin , President and CEO , is confident that Bombardier will meet its target of 300 firm orders prior to the commercialization of the first aircraft .
Leaders also reassured analysts and media on Thursday that the program was moving forward in accordance with the schedule .
" The test aircraft did not remain on the ground longer than expected , " said Mr. Beaudoin at a conference call , adding that ground trials and software upgrades were planned during the aircraft 's shutdown time .
Each manufacturer plans differently .
We decided to proceed with a first flight and an update period , and that is what we did .
This will be repeated throughout the flight program .
The second of the five test aircraft is expected to fly in the coming weeks , the others will follow shortly afterwards , the company said .
However , analysts are skeptical that the first customer can fly a CSeries aircraft only 12 months after his inaugural flight .
Bombardier indicated that it was in the process of assessing the schedule for entry into service and would provide new information in the coming months .
" This slowness in flight testing - although it appears to be in line with Bombardier 's internal schedule - reinforces our view that entry into service will be postponed to the first quarter of 2015 , " said Mr. Doerksen .
In the third quarter ended September 30 , Bombardier 's net income fell to $ 147 million , or 8 cents per share , from $ 172 million , or 9 cents per share , a year earlier .
The adjusted share result remained unchanged at 9 cents .
Revenues declined slightly from $ 4.2 billion to $ 4.1 billion .
Analysts expected a 10 cents per share result and $ 4.56 billion in revenues , according to Thomson Reuters I / B / E / S.
The fourth aircraft manufacturer in the world reported that it had delivered 45 aircraft in the quarter , up from 57 a year earlier .
Net orders have fallen to 26 aircraft , from 83 previously .
The delay in the Aeronautics Division was $ 32.9 billion as at September 30 , unchanged from December 31 of the previous year .
" In Aeronautics , the results were consistent with our forecasts , but the low number of orders and general market conditions were disappointing , " said Mr. Beaudoin .
Aeronautical revenues declined by 13 % to $ 2 billion .
Bombardier , the world 's largest railway manufacturer , reported that revenues from this division increased by almost 11 % to $ 2.1 billion .
The Transport Division 's order book totalled $ 32.6 billion at September 30 , a slight increase from December 31 of the previous year .
Transport Division margins have suffered from performance problems with a few large contracts .
Leaders announced that new indications would be provided in the fourth quarter .
Bombardier 's share price , which also announced that Patrick Pichette , Chief Financial Officer of Google Inc , would sit on the board , fell from 8.5 % to C$ 4.83 on Thursday afternoon .
Brazilian company Embraer SA , the world 's third - largest aircraft manufacturer and competitor to Bombardier , reported a 10 % decline in its quarterly profit on Thursday .
Two 23- and 27-year - olds had been missing in a gulf under the Dent de Crolles since Thursday night , it was learned Friday from the Spéléo rescue de l'Isère .
They were located this Friday afternoon .
The two men , one aggrieved to practice and the other not , left underground on Thursday at around 9:30 p.m. to carry out a crossing of the Dent de Crolles , located on the commune of Saint - Pierre - de - Chartreuse .
The same source was said to have been unnew since then .
" The specialists should have come out around 5 a.m. , " said Thierry Larribe , technical adviser to the rescue helicopter in charge of the rescue organization .
Dozens of people on the ground
About 20 rescuers , 10 civilians members of the French Relief Spéléo , as well as gendarmes , CRS and firefighters were on hand .
At the end of the afternoon this Friday , the two speculators were located .
" It is another group of specleologists who , after finding them exhausted but in good health in the cavity , passed the information on to one of the rescue teams involved in the network , " explains Le Dauphiné .
The two members of the 13th Chambery Alpine Fighter Battalion were found " exhausted , but not injured " .
They lost themselves in the network , returned to their steps while waiting for relief , " said the prefecture .
Recharged , they should come out of the cavity with the help of the rescuers in the evening .
German journalists invited to flee Google and Yahoo
The German journalists ' union on Thursday invited its members to stop using the online services of Google and Yahoo in the aftermath of new revelations about the activities of the US and UK intelligence services .
" The German Federation of Journalists recommends journalists to avoid the use of Google and Yahoo search engines and e - mails until further order , " she says in a press release .
It considers the Washington Post ' scandalous ' information , according to which the US National Security Agency ( NSA ) and the UK Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) have collected masses of information by infiltrating the international networks that allow the two firms to synchronize their servers .
" The research carried out by journalists is as confidential as the contact details of their sources and the nature of their communications with them , " said Michael Konken , president of the trade union , who claims 38,000 members .
Member calls for Brigitte Grouwels to resign
Minister Brigitte Grouwels ' plan to " relift " signalling posts in Brussels does not please everyone .
As a reminder , the Brussels Minister of Public Works and Transport launched a test project on Thursday in the centre of Brussels to repaint 16 signalling lights in the region in the yellow and blue colours of Brussels .
The aim is both " to increase security " and " Brussels identity " .
The idea is , in the long run , to repaint all Brussels signalling lights at an estimated cost of around EUR 1 million .
But the blue chosen by the minister is " too dark " , according to the Brussels MEP Emmanuel De Bock , who speaks of the capital 's " Flemandisation " and demands Brigitte Grouwels ' " resignation " .
" Not content to spend the money of the Brussels on operations to relift signposts in the Brussels Region , Brigitte Grouwels continues his operations to flamingose the capital , " says De Bock .
After her yellow - mango - black taxis , she finally repainted her own dark - blue - black posts in Brussels .
According to the honourable Member , there is no longer any difference in visual continuity between Flanders and Brussels .
Brussels deserves more than a CD&V minister who is carrying out the NVA programme .
It is time to stop the Flanders Trojan horse .
" Brigitte Grouwels was elected only with 2,245 votes , or 0.5 % of Brussels ! "
the Portal of Pont - de - Buis dismantled
The Pont - de - Buis eco - tax portal , around which a violent protest of opponents of the tax took place on Saturday , was dismantled on Thursday morning .
Cranes arrived shortly after 10 hours , and traffic on the national side was hijacked .
The decision to dismantle , announced by the Finistère prefecture on Wednesday , was taken by Ecomouv , the portal manager .
This is the last of the three ecotax garbages in operation in the Department of the Finistry , the other two having been dismantled or sabotaged .
Launch of an accessory shop for Google Glass
An online shop , offering many accessories dedicated to Google Glass , has just been made available to thousands of developers with a prototype of Google - signed glasses .
They can acquire a headphone , a loader or a storage case .
This boutique , strictly reserved for developers already having Google Glass , offers some accessories such as a charger and its USB cable , for $ 50 .
For the same price , it is also possible to acquire a micro - fibre cover or an intra - atrial headset .
Although Google is currently working on a model of Google Glass with correction glasses , no large - scale marketing date has yet been confirmed .
Five years ago my father erased from the world of the living .
At first I denied his death , I was talking about him at the present time ,
I was so afraid to forget her , or rather I did n't know how I was going to continue to " visit " her .
There is no recipe , no instructions for passing through the wall of the invisible and finding its own .
Then there were signs .
The first time this was the very strong feeling of his presence on the passenger seat while driving .
Once again , a gentle awakening in the middle of the night to watch his watch that does not leave me , put on the night table .
It is the image of my smiling father that accompanies me in my daily gestures .
Our mother left us after her exhausting fight against cancer .
That is at least what I thought the day when I found his body empty , crushed on this bed of hospital with crushed sheets .
Similarly , his funeral was a glacial farewell focused around the meagre glow of the candles that framed his coffin .
I thought she was leaving .
Gradually , by small daytime or nighttime appearances , a little timid , a little erased , she quickly returned to my mind , evolving as she regained her place in the landscape of my thought that believed in mourning .
And then she turned out to reveal me my own facets that I had not yet perceived , masked by my relationship with her .
So I learned and understood that I had not lost my mother 's person in any way , but simply a woman I did not really know , a woman who was the person , during her stay in life .
By dying , this woman had perfected her life and freed the person I loved , and behold I found her full and complete .
This detour from the path of my life remains the most unexpected and the most beautiful .
It is a privilege to know that loved people never leave us .
I look like my father , " inside and outside " he seems .
I am always told .
I never believed it at the time .
I had difficult relations with him until he became old , ill .
There , I was no longer afraid of him and I was able to love him .
One day he died .
For a long time he accompanied me : when I quit smoking , when I was afraid , when I had trouble ...
He talked to me , constantly encouraged me , he lived in my body .
I saw his hands looking at mine , I lent him my body .
But it was never indiscreet .
I was able to have a personal life .
He left me private .
It lasted a long time and one day he left .
Finally , it was comfortable and reassuring to be understood , encouraged and advised .
I no longer know who was saying that the deceased are not forgotten but invisible .
My parents are no longer , but I always feel them close to me .
Every event , every moment in my life , makes me feel their presence because I always refer to it : what would they say ? what would they have thought ? what would they have done ?
I constantly dream of them , perhaps not every night , but several times a week is certain .
I often dream of the last moments I have to share with them before it is too late , only there is one thing that always prevents me from accomplishing this moment .
I often wake up anxiety when it comes to me and feel deeply absent .
Sometimes , some dreams carry me on the contrary and are part of my history and , indeed , they continue to live and share my life .
On the eve of my ultrasound , where I had to know the sex of my baby , I dreamed that I would wake up , I was out of the bed , my father was waiting for me and he was smiling and looking forward to a little boy .
The next day , I had the feeling that he had visited me in my sleep to tell me that he shared with joy what happened to me .
And of course , it was a little boy in my belly .
I liked to share this moment with him and I am pleased to tell this common memory after his death .
Precisely five years ago , my grandmother died from cancer .
A year ago , she was travelling with my family to Cuba .
That is the shock that his disappearance caused to the young bachelor I was at the time .
However , I realized my mourning quite quickly .
But it continues to influence my life , especially when I find myself in trouble , or when I have to make important decisions .
Learning Arabic and interesting me in the Middle East , to the point of making it a master in a large school , have not been , with hindsight , anodinous choices .
In fact , I often heard him speak Arabic in my childhood , and talk about Morocco , where she lived for decades - before returning to France at the time of independence .
The values she instilled in me are always present , so I sometimes think about how she wants me to act at some point .
The same is true of my attitudes : I try to live up to the generosity and the righteousness of the one that was a fervent believer .
Now I feel it as a daily presence , a caring soul , a living spirit .
I see his eyes put on me .
My mother died nineteen years ago now .
Death after talking to me on the phone .
I have gone through all the phases : incomprehension , anger , pain , crying alone , anywhere , anytime , in unusual places , uncontradicted moments .
Then , time appeased the pain .
Only the lack , the vacuum without an answer , the need for her to entrust me , to reassure me at the depth of her softness .
But she is there , she is silent , she is there and watches me .
Every morning , I see his eyes worried , I see the rings that make his eyes bigger , the ridules around the lips that cigarettes dig , the folds that mark the front on days of concern .
My mother took possession of my face and she watches me in my mirror every morning .
And every morning I turn my eyes away .
My wife and the mother of my 3 children died from cancer at the age of 43 .
There is a constant feeling of its protection , nothing serious can happen to us .
It was his promise on his bed of pain , so we slowly re - learned to smile , and pronouncing his name is no longer taboo but a comfort .
Of course , I speak to her in the hollow of the night when the absence is too bad , she invites herself to my dreams when morale is a little hit .
We feel worn and protected in difficult times , the setback of time makes us realize how much she was conductor and we are trying to stay in the path she had drawn us .
If a being has loved you very strong , the absence can not take you from your hearts and memories .
In a way , the loved one becomes your inner energy .
I lost my father on August 22 , 2008 as a result of asbestos cancer .
I was very close to him , I always acted on what he thought or appreciated .
I was unable to see her burial and three weeks after her death , I gave birth to a little boy .
If I have my beliefs sometimes different from his own , I always wonder if my actions are consistent with his vision of things .
I have , moreover , had problems in my work for these convictions .
For me , it is impossible to go in the opposite direction , I do not sleep and I always wonder what he will think of it .
I do not know if I have adopted his way of being or if I am just like him : is it genetic ?
In any event , it will always be my reference .
It was a bit like an alter - ego , there was no need to talk to each other .
In short , he is here on a daily basis .
I feel his presence and that makes me happy .
Soon 30 years ago my husband died at the age of 33 .
I was 28 and our son was 6 .
Of course , the huge punishment that then invaded me has diminished , but it is still close to me .
Very often he " disembarks " into my dreams in such a precise way , so alive that at awakening I am even sadder to see that it was only a dream .
The other night , he asked me if I was going well , I told him no , he replied to me " I get off " but with a voice so real that I woke up in a surge , anguished and I turned on the bedside lamp looking everywhere , convinced that he was going to arrive .
I always live in the same house , and often I feel observed and I turn to see if he is not there , I know it is him and I speak to him .
In all the rooms I feel his presence and it makes me happy .
For nothing in the world I would not leave this house where we were happy and where his spirit lives with me .
I am 58 years old , I have always lived alone since his departure , he is and will remain the love of my life .
I want to make it clear that I am sociable with a job of responsibility , laughing and singing , I am out , I am a grandmother , I have lots of friends , but my heart and soul belong to him and I never speak of him except with my son , and I never go to the cemetery .
Iraq : October was the bloodiest month since 2008
October was Iraq 's most deadly month since April 2008 .
On Friday , Baghdad published official figures : 964 people died last month : 855 civilians , 65 police officers and 44 soldiers .
This publication takes place on the day the Prime Minister of Iraq is received by the President of the United States .
Noury al - Maliki wants help from the US .
" We are not saying to the world to stand by and support us , we have the right to ask the world for it because we are part of it , " said Al - Maliki in Washington on Thursday .
And also because if what is happening in Iraq is not settled , it will spread , and what is happening in Syria will spread as well .
And what happens when a terrorist virus is spreading ?
Noury al - Maliki spoke to the United States Institute for Peace , an independent institution set up by the Congress .
Outside the building , protesters protested against the Iraqi leader .
They were wearing signs accusing him , inter alia , of being a murderer and calling on the US to refuse to provide him with help .
The cocaine lawyer who informed a drug sponsor of a police investigation was imprisoned
Basharat Ditta , 42 , gave information to the crime lord Neil Scarbrough
The lawyer was afraid that his secret drug addiction would be revealed in the open .
He was sentenced to three years ' imprisonment by the Liverpool Assize Court
A major defence lawyer , who had informed a drug sponsor of a major police investigation because he was afraid that his secret drug addiction would be revealed , was sentenced to three years in prison .
Basharat Ditta , 42 , gave sensitive information to the crime lord Neil Scarbrough about investigations of his drug - related activities after compromising himself because of his cocaine use .
The lawyer , who was known as " Bash " and considered by the criminals to be a " first - rate case " , was arrested in his home in 2011 as a result of police listening operations to Scarborough , which he had represented in a previous drug - related trial .
Police officers found Sarborough , 32 , laying three bags of cocaine at the lawyer 's home in Blackburn , Lancashire , while attending a Bar dinner with colleagues .
Surveys revealed that Ditta was a " regular consumer " of this class A drug after testing showed traces of cocaine in its hair , wallet and credit card .
Over a period of eight months between January and August 2011 , he sought illegal information on the arrest of two men on behalf of Scarborough and one of his associates .
The four suspects were then monitored by the police as part of a major investigation into heroin and cocaine trafficking in Lancashire , Cumbria , Merseyside , Berkshire and West Yorkshire counties .
With 32 other men , they were subsequently imprisoned after the police seized heroin and cocaine for £ 1.5 million , as well as over £ 200,000 in cash during a series of raids .
Ditta , 42 , provided information to criminals because he feared that his addiction would be revealed in the open .
Today , at the Liverpool Assize Court , Ditta , working in the law firm of Forbes Solicitors in Blackburn , fell into disgrace after being convicted on two counts of obstructing justice after a three - week trial .
He admitted possession of cocaine in a previous hearing .
The lawyer 's fall occurred after the police , investigating Scarborough , discovered that he had been in regular telephone contact with Ditta in February 2011 .
Two investigators followed the suspect and found him arriving at Ditta 's home and placing a 60 % pure drug under the lawyer 's garbage in a black golf glove .
Shortly after the deposit , Scarborough was in regular telephone contact with Ditta who was at a dinner at the Ewood Park football stadium , premises of the Blackburn Rovers club .
The lawyer returned home , discovered the drug and telephoned nine times .
The court heard that Ditta was a " regular consumer " of cocaine after testing showed traces of this class A drug in its hair , wallet and credit card .
Ditta was later arrested but denied using cocaine and stated that he had spoken to the alleged drug dealer because it was his client and argued that their discussions were subject to a " legal privilege " .
During his arrest , Ditta picked up his wallet and tried to remove several credit cards , but they were all seized and a hair sample was taken .
In an interview , he stated that he had an office at his home , as well as at his workplace , and that clients sometimes call him at home for legal matters .
But the court heard testimony that he called major players in the drug trade , some of whom he had represented , after key arrests to tell them which investigators were aware .
Prosecutor Anne Whyte said : " If someone has to know that the law should not be violated , he is a criminal lawyer . "
Mr. Ditta is accused of having abused his position as a criminal lawyer , and of having been too involved with particular clients .
The relationship we are talking about is not just a drug trafficker , but a drug trafficker providing drugs to his own lawyer .
Some of his communications will undoubtedly be legitimate communications , as he was his lawyer .
But it went well beyond the ordinary limits of a relationship between a lawyer and his client .
He obstructed the police investigation as much as he could to enable him to continue his criminal activities .
Mr. Ditta did not honour his profession , but dishonoured it .
He was too close to some clients , particularly Scarborough , and left his independence compromised .
" If I were a corrupt lawyer , what I am not , and if I had wanted to provide information to Mr. Scarborough , I would not have waited 3 p.m. , I would have done so immediately . "
But after the hearing , the Lancashire Police Superintendent Lee Halstead said : " Mr. Ditta moved from a criminal lawyer to a criminal himself as he began to buy drugs from criminal organizations . "
His addiction to cocaine has forever compromised him and made him vulnerable to the hindsights of the leaders of organized criminal groups who have instructed him to obtain valuable information about police investigations .
Lawyers should observe the strictest rules of integrity and build public trust .
Mr. Ditta betrayed that trust and tried to shelter behind the varnish of his profession .
The Lancashire Serious and Organized Crime Unit conducted the investigation of Mr. Ditta , who was convicted of the three counts of possession of cocaine and now obstructing justice , as evidence of his commitment to prosecuting criminals .
That this case serve as a warning to criminals to know that no one is above the law .
We will find you and bring you to court .
Scarborough was himself imprisoned for 14 years after pleading guilty to complicity in trafficking in heroin , cocaine and cannabis .
Thirty - five other persons involved in trafficking were sentenced to a total of 153 years ' imprisonment for drug trafficking .
On his site , Ditta organized a question - and - answer session about himself during which he said that his dream job would be to be a lawyer to represent clients on the death roll in America , his last guest to dinner would be Mohammed Ali and inequality would motivate him to work .
Aretha Franklin will be back on stage in December
Detroit News reports that the Queen of Soul will perform on December 21 at the MotorCity Casino Sound Board .
In November , Ms. Franklin recorded an album for Clive Davis and Sony Music , produced by Don Was and Kenny " Babyface " Edmonds .
Without specifying the illness she suffered , the famous interpreter of Respect told the media on 16 October that the side effects of a treatment she received were " difficult " .
She says she is " happy to be back " .
Chin Reduces Christmas Lighting Cost
420 motifs , 2.2 kilometres seaside covered with a mantle of light : one could close the hot blow in Menton with the bill of illumination .
Unlike many municipalities , the bill is also paid by taxpayers , not by traders ' associations .
In order to reduce its costs , the city uses leads .
But also differentiated management of the network of public lighting and Christmas decorations .
Los Angeles Airport Evacuated After Shooting
A shooting was carried out at Los Angeles International Airport .
It was 10 a.m. local time when a man opened the fire .
According to the local police , at least 2 people were injured .
He was reported to be an employee working for the United States Transportation Safety Authority ( TSA ) and the perpetrator of the shootings .
The incident occurred at terminal 3 , causing a wave of panic .
Travellers and staff went out or on the tarmac .
Very soon the police forces intervened and a man suspected of being the shooter was apprehended on the roof of an airport car park .
The airport is being evacuated and air traffic is interrupted .
Classical song for teenagers
Each time , it is the school clientele that will be targeted , an initiative that has been very successful in the previous season .
Through five saynetes imagined and performed by artists in the region , vignettes with a high dose of humour , teenagers are able to learn the classical song .
In addition to this show , the Lyrical Art Society of the Kingdom will return with its Lyrical Destinations , a formula that now makes the Pulperie de Chicoutimi a full hall .
Two more concerts will take place in the summer of 2014 , giving artists in the region the chance to show what they are capable of .
In addition to these activities , the Lyrical Apero , the benefit concert held last August , with the help of the soprano colorature Marie - Ève Munger .
It was a benefit event , along with the artistic dimension , and helped the non - profit organization produce a financial balance sheet that is as sweet in the ears as an air of The Bat .
Without providing precise figures , the Chairman of the Board , Yves Bergeron , took advantage of the press meeting held yesterday in Chicoutimi to be reassuring .
Despite the precariousness of so many cultural institutions , the future is well - defined , even in the long term .
We have stronger and more consistent support .
" The finances are on the way and we hope to last until the 50th anniversary of the operetta , a step we will take in seven years , " the administrator commented .
" I would even say more , " said Director General Hélène Gaudreault , smiling .
The 37-year - old man who took a child hostage at Gabrielle Roy de Surrey School faces six counts , according to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
Omar Moustapha Hassan was charged with hostage - taking , kidnapping , threatening , carrying weapons in a dangerous purpose , kidnapping , and failure to comply with an order .
" The rapid reactions of the police officers involved and their ability to defuse the situation immediately were essential to the safe conclusion of the incident , " said Corporal Bert Paquet in a communiqué .
Omar Hassan is still in detention and is due to appear in court on Friday .
New request for class action against the brothers and sisters of St. Croix
A new application for a class action was filed against the brothers of St. Croix , alleging that they had been sexually assaulted this time in the Saint - Joseph oratory , as well as in several orphanages , colleges and schools .
The application is based on the applicant 's testimony , identified as " J. J. " , which was allegedly masturbated in the 1950s , first in Notre - Dame - des - Neiges by his teacher , Brother Soumis , and then by his confessor , Father Bernard , at the Saint - Joseph oratory , where he was used as a mass and where his father worked as a painter .
The first appeal was for only three institutions , and when the settlement was announced , many people told us : " I was in such a place , can I register ? " said lawyer Alain Arsenault , who defended the victims in both appeals .
The particular feature of the class action that has just been filed is that it allows the addition of complainants from any establishment where abuse could have been perpetrated by members of the St. Croix congregation .
At present , the appeal involves the complaints of 25 persons who claim to have been assaulted by the St. Croix brothers .
The alleged facts are generally older than those mentioned in the first appeal , since many of the institutions concerned closed in the 1960s .
The appeal also points out that the Congregation of the Holy Cross and the Saint - Joseph Oratorium , which is a separate entity , " allowed sexual abuse to be perpetrated against children " , that they " exercised moral , religious and psychological coercion on the victims " , that they " were aware of the sexual abuse perpetrated and nevertheless stifled it " , and that they " knowingly and consciously chose to ignore the problem " .
The latter charges are based , inter alia , on letters written by Brother 's Lawyer St. Croix , Mr. Émile Perrin , in the 1990s , but also on archival research on the subject by Brother Wilson Kennedy , a former brother of St. Croix , who publicly denounced the abuse .
The class action must first pass the admissibility stage in the Superior Court .
Once the Court has accepted the admissibility , the second stage is the hearings on the merits .
In the case of the first appeal , the congregation of St. Croix had agreed to settle amicably before hearings on the merits .
Major commercial fire
A fire seriously damaged a trade in the LaSalle district of Montreal during the night of Thursday to Friday .
The rescue was called at around 1:00 a.m. on Friday , due to a fire that had been on the basement of an Indian kitchen restaurant on Dollard Avenue , near the intersection with Réjane Street .
The 30 firefighters who were dispatched to the site took almost an hour to control the brewer .
The fire " caused significant damage to the structure of the building , " said Richard Bordeaux , Chief of Operations , Montreal Fire Security .
The cause of the fire was unknown , but no one was in the restaurant when the firefighters arrived .
There were no injuries , but nearly 20 houses on the first and second floors of this row of commercial premises had to be evacuated .
The Red Cross has been requested , as residents of one of the apartments may have to be accommodated on an interim basis , says SIM .
There is a lot of opposition to the medical aid to die in the Congress of Palliative Care
The Canadian Congress of Palliative Care , which is taking place this week in Ottawa , comes a few days after the vote in favour of the principle of the bill on medical aid to die in Quebec .
This is an opportunity for several palliative care associations to reaffirm their disagreement .
If all patients had access to effective care to alleviate their suffering , in addition to being able to stay at home , very few would like to end their lives , according to a spokesperson for the Canadian Palliative Care Association , Maryse Bouvette .
With a focus on palliative care in Canada , the approach to euthanasia would become minimal .
The President of the Quebec Palliative Care Network also rejects the bill on medical assistance to die .
If it is adopted , Alberte Déry is concerned about the consequences for the next generations .
" What is the meaning of life , " she deplores .
The majority of palliative care homes will refuse to help patients die , according to the Vice - President of the Palliative Care Homes Alliance , Suzanne Fitzback .
Ms. Fitzback , also manager of Mathieu - Froment - Savoie House in Gatineau , feels that the service would be unnecessary anyway .
We are never asked : ' I want to die , give me an injection ' .
The Director of the Ontario Palliative Care Association , Rick Firth , believes that Quebec 's bill disorients the population about the vocation of palliative care .
He did not believe that Ontario would follow suit .
For its part , the Liberal Member of Parliament for Gatineau , Stéphanie Vallée , says that the notion of end - of - life must be clarified before the bill is passed .
The Kenyan press is outraged by the controversial media law
" It is a frightening country and it is legitimate to ask itself : what will prevent Parliament from sweeping the independence of the judicial system tomorrow ? " said the newspaper , contesting the bill and asking for it to be declared unconstitutional .
" This law is draconian and very punitive , and we refuse it , " said Cyrus Kamau , general manager of Capital Group - owner of CapitalFM , one of Kenya 's most respected independent radio stations and news websites .
He stated that the new media court " will always be biased because it is an extension of the government " and that content and advertising restrictions would undermine Kenya 's place in the global economy .
" I hope the Speaker will listen to us , and we ask him to reject this bill and refer it back to parliamentarians , " he added .
According to The Star , the new bill will allow the government to " take control of the media . " The Standard , on the other hand , indicated that democracy and freedom of opinion in Kenya " had suffered a hard blow " and fustigated the bill calling it " draconian " .
The adoption of the bill is taking place along with a package of measures to strengthen national security in the wake of the attack by armed Islamists in the Westgate commercial centre last September .
The Kenyan media have generated anger in the authorities by distributing images of video surveillance cameras on which the troops deployed on the scene of the attack allegedly steal the luxury shopping centre .
The Chief of Police , David Kimaiyo , reacted by summoning two journalists and a media official to interview them , although the summons was withdrawn following a shielding in the media .
Under the new bill , the media may be subject to fines of up to 20 million Kenyan shillings and journalists of up to 1 million with the additional risk of being " written off " or no longer being able to receive official press accreditation .
The court also has the power to seize the property of an offender if the offender has not paid the fine .
According to the Daily Nation , " even one fine is enough to paralyse most FM stations . "
He also says that the measures could have a devastating effect on what he described as Kenya 's " animated blogosphere . "
By silencing the media , politicians know that they can do what they want with impunity .
" No one will ever know , " wrote Mutuma Mathiu , a journalist at The Nation , describing the Kenyan media as a key source of control in public life .
" Led to themselves , politicians would bankrupt the country and bring us back to hunting and gathering . "
Kenyan legislators have been the target of public anger in the past .
In May , they took a stand against the cuts ordered by the National Commission for Wages and restored their mirroring wages of about 532,000 tax - exempt shillings per month - which are among the highest in the world .
A difficult year for pharmacists
The departure of nearly 10 pharmacists at the Centre Santé et Services Sociale ( CSSS ) in Laval caused a disgrace to the management of the Cité - de - la - Santé Hospital in the year 2012 - 2013 .
Due to multiple retirements , maternity leave or short - term departures , the pharmacy department found itself in a significant staffing deficit .
Almost 30 % of the necessary staff was missing , making this financial year " very difficult " , according to the head of the department , Gillian Beaudet .
However , the CSSS has decided not to hire independent labour , which can cost up to three times more than a full - time pharmacist .
Troubleshooting was not used , explained Ms. Beaudet .
Some of our activities within the facility have been streamlined or reduced to take the time to get back .
It is sure that we have worked hard to get our youth [ pharmacy residents ] to come and stay here .
There is a competition of circumstances that caused us to be in a bad situation last year .
Improved situation
After this arduous period , the year 2013 - 2014 will be much easier for the CSSS pharmacy department .
Already , three pharmacists have returned to work after their maternity leave and three other pharmacists have been hired in the past few months .
In addition , the department 's efforts to retain students have been fruitful , as the four students currently in residence in Laval have also decided to remain employed with the CSSS .
Now , it 's a lot better , said the pharmacist .
By the end of the fiscal year , we will have seven new pharmacists and three maternity returns .
So it will fill our departures from last year .
Ever - increasing needs
However , the situation remains delicate .
Several factors , such as the shortage of hospital pharmacists or the predominance of young women in the trade , make situations such as that experienced in 2012 difficult to predict .
For us [ the number of people ] is always precarious , because we have a young environment and we employ many young women , so with pregnancies , we almost always run on three maternity leave when it is good , she added .
In the past year , we had a lot more and we did n't have pharmacists who are available to replace , so it was more difficult .
The 22-year - old top model does not begin his career in the cinema by the small door .
Director Lars von Trier chose him to embody Charlotte Gainsbourg in Nymphomaniac , his next film .
This pornographic drama , in eight chapters that will emerge in two parts ( 1 and 8 January 2014 ) , the erotic memories of a quadragennial that has grown to sex since her teenage years .
Stacy Martin 's resemblance to his elder is striking : a silhouette of twigs , a diaphane shade and French - English origins .
Not to mention a certain taste of risk : the one who had not hesitated to put bare on icy paper will appear in far more sulphurous situations on a large screen .
An extract from Nymphomaniac raised the temperature on the web : Stacy Martin appears in bed and in full extase with Shia LaBeouf .
If the provocative filmmaker asked his actors to put their modors on the clock , he used X professionals for the most daring sex scenes , before merging all the digital bodies : above the belt , it is the star ; below , the liner .
From Björk to Charlotte Gainsbourg , to Nicole Kidman , Lars von Trier is used to push his actresses into their last entrenchments , always for the best .
Stacy Martin did n't end up talking about her .
A Narbonne RMB Room Evacuated Thursday evening
On Thursday evening , the first session of a film was interrupted at the Mega CGR in Narbonne , as a precautionary measure , as a result of throat sticks felt by the spectators .
Immediately , the facility manager had the room evacuated and warned the firefighters of a suspicious smell .
About 70 people left the session .
The people were examined and full recognition of the room did not give anything .
Bad joke on a tear jet background ?
Or involuntary incident ?
It is also true that the film management has played the precautionary principle and the safety of its clients .
The room was aired and everything went in order .
The cinema was able to take over its rights and clients were able to find the pleasure of the images .
On screen only .
She attempts to import 2 kg of cocaine into pumpkins
On Halloween Day , a woman tried to bring two kilos of cocaine hidden in pumpkins into the country on Thursday morning at the Montréal - Trudeau airport .
It was when the passenger 's baggage was examined that the drug was detected .
Cocaine had been distributed in three pumpkins that had been previously emptied .
The drug was then transported to the office of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) , which took over the investigation .
The Canada Border Services Agency ( CBSA ) did not reveal the woman 's whereabouts when she was intercepted .
This is part of the investigation , " said Jacqueline Roby , CBSA spokesperson .
What I can tell you is that it came to the country .
Since the beginning of 2013 , border services officers at Montréal - Trudeau Airport have made 173 drug seizures , including 10 cocaine seizures for a total of 44 kilograms .
In 2012 , border services officers in the Quebec Region made a total of 1653 drug seizures .
Air raid on military installations in Syria
According to the Lebanese army , Israeli aircraft entered Lebanese airspace on Wednesday early in the afternoon , but the strikes took place in the evening .
A shipment of short - range SA-8 ground - to - air missiles was reportedly targeted and destroyed .
This new Tsahal air raid on Syrian territory ( the sixth since the beginning of the year , according to the Israeli daily Haaretz ) has not been confirmed by either Israel or Syria .
The raid took place in circumstances roughly identical to the one that took place on 5 July : at the time , it was also an anonymous US official who had confirmed to CNN an Israeli attack , this time targeting Russia 's Yakhont soil - sea missiles in Damascus .
Israeli officials did not hide their irritation that Washington would reveal the attack , at the risk of forcing President Assad to react .
Ukraine is approaching bankruptcy
The Standard & Poor 's credit rating agency lowered Ukraine 's credit rating on Friday , questioning the former Soviet republic 's ability , in recession for more than a year , to meet its financial obligations .
The country 's public debt score goes to " B- " , falling into the category of speculative investment .
It has a negative perspective , with S&P seeing at least one in three chances that it will be lowered again within a year .
" The government 's strategy is less and less likely to guarantee enough foreign exchange to meet its high external financing needs , " explains the US agency .
The Agency notes that Ukraine 's foreign exchange reserves fell by 26 % between September 2012 and September 2013 and anticipates that the trend will continue .
This complicates the repayment of foreign loans .
These reserves , which the authorities rely heavily on to support the local currency , the hryvnia , collapsing , the agency is increasingly finding it likely to devalue , which would inflate its external debt .
Kiev also needs liquidity to pay its gas imports to Russia , which accuses it of not paying an invoice of $ 882 million .
This announcement is bad news for Ukrainian power in a period of intense tension with its Russian neighbour , angry with Kiev 's desire to sign an association agreement with the EU at the end of November .
It was released in the wake of official statistics showing that the country 's economy had suffered its fifth consecutive quarter of contraction between July and September .
Its debt , which is still relatively modest , has exploded in recent years and S&P estimates it to be 33.5 % of GDP , compared to less than 10 % before the 2008 - 2009 crisis .
The country , which has been in a fiscal deficit , has for months been seeking assistance from the International Monetary Fund , which in 2010 had given it a credit of $ 15.3 billion and has so far only released $ 3.4 billion .
But the Fund refuses to pay any new portion until the country has adopted unpopular reforms to reduce its deficit , including by increasing gas prices to the population .
After a new mission to the country , the IMF found this week that " the large external financing needs " are " vulnerable " , while noting " signs of economic improvement " .
However , for the economist Oleksandr Joloud of the Centre for Political Studies , " we can not wait for a short - term improvement " .
" There is little hope that unpopular reforms will be launched in a pre - election year " , with presidential elections scheduled for 2015 , the expert , who was interviewed by the AFP , said .
The only hope is an improvement in the international environment .
S&P further notes the " uncertainty " associated with the possible signing of an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU , which Brussels conditioned on the release of the opponent Yulia Timoshenko .
" Signing the agreement would be positive for long - term trade , but there could be short- and medium - term negative consequences related to Russia 's reaction , " S&P said , who fears " trade restrictions " on Moscow 's part .
Russia , which accounts for one quarter of Ukrainian exports , has warned that if a free trade area is established between the EU and Kiev , it should strengthen its border controls on imported goods .
United States green light at the Publicis - Omnicom merger
Publicis and Omnicom said on Friday that they had received no objection from the US authorities to their merger , thus approaching the creation of the first global advertising agency .
The merger brings together the second world agency , Omnicom , and the third , Publicis .
" Omnicom Group and Publicis Group today announced the expiry of the previously announced merger review period of Publicis Group and Omnicom , under the Hart - Scott - Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 , as amended , " announces both groups in a communiqué .
They state that they also received the necessary authorizations in Canada , India and Turkey , after South Africa and South Korea .
The expiry of the review period provided by the HSR in the United States and the authorisation decisions issued in the other courts satisfy several of the conditions necessary for the operation to be carried out .
" The merger is also conditional on other regulatory authorizations and the approval of shareholders in both groups , " they add .
The Congolese army pushes out the M23 rebels
The Congolese army ( FARDC ) announced on Thursday that its units would be pushing the M23 rebels to their bases in the forests and mountains of North Kivu bordering Rwanda and Uganda .
The M23 is about to be beaten after being driven from the north - east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) , which it had controlled since the start of the insurgency 20 months ago .
" We are going to pursue the M23 and to hide it wherever it is hidden because it is a crime , " said Colonel Olivier Hamuli , FARDC spokesman .
We must not let them reorganize because they have martyred the Congolese people for too long .
The time has come to bring peace .
M23 officials explained that they had evacuated the localities under diplomatic pressure , and Bertrand Bissimwa , the political leader of the rebellion , said on RFI that these military setbacks would in no way alter his claims to the peace talks .
The latter , according to the Ugandan mediators , resumed on Wednesday in Kampala between the Kinshasa government and the M23 .
Clashes are reported in the hills that dominate Bunagana , the last insurgent - controlled community to fall this week , as well as around Runyoni , a hill where the M23 rebellion began in 2012 .
At their peak in November , the insurgents occupied Goma , the capital of North Kivu province , taking advantage of the escape of the Government garrison and the passivity of the peacekeepers in Monusco .
The fall of Goma led the UN Mission in the DRC , the largest in terms of personnel in the world , to strengthen its mandate and to form a rapid intervention brigade composed of South African , Malawi and Tanzanian soldiers .
For its part , the FARDC staff has been reworked and the army has switched to the M23 offensive , changing the course of the war .
The pace of progress of government troops is now unprecedented .
" The M23 seems to be coming to an end " , predicts a Congolese business expert , Jason Stearns , on his Congo Siasa blog .
That would be historic - it would be the first time that the Kinshasa government has been able to defeat a major insurgency .
It would also be the first time since 1996 that no armed group allied to Rwanda would be present in eastern DRC .
UN experts accuse Rwanda , which is fiercely denying it , of military support for the M23 , which was originally made up of ex - Congolese military mutiny .
The head of British diplomacy , William Hague , invited Rwandan President Paul Kagame to exercise restraint , announced a spokesman for the Foreign Office .
Last week , Kigali had referred to the possibility of military retaliation for shells falling on Rwandan territory .
On Wednesday , the inhabitants of Bunagana invaded the streets of the village to salute the entry of FARDC soldiers .
" We lived for a year with the M23 and it seemed unimaginable to be released one day by the army , " testifies a resident of this locality bordering Uganda .
" We lived in the terror ( of the M23 ) , we are traumatized , " he added .
The Pasteur Institute 's tests on a patient suspected of being infected with coronavirus were negative , the Ministry of Health announced .
It states that " the two cases identified in May 2013 remain the only two confirmed cases in France to date " .
On Tuesday , this 43-year - old patient was suspected of being infected , after returning from Saudi Arabia , a country where the disease has already killed 50 people .
Chevron , the second US oil company , reported a fall in its quarterly profit on Friday due to lower refining margins , while oil and gas production increased while remaining behind the group 's targets .
Its net income in the third quarter declined to $ 4.95 billion , or $ 2.57 per share , from $ 5.25 billion , or $ 2.69 per share , a year earlier .
Analysts surveyed by Reuters averaged $ 2.71 per share .
The group produced 2.59 million barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter , up from 2.52 million bpj a year ago .
The company targets 2.65 million bpj for this year , with a 25 % growth in production expected by 2017 .
Most of the growth in the coming years will come from its liquefied natural gas projects in Australia .
As a result of the cost of these projects , annual investment spending has increased by $ 7 billion over two years and is expected to reach $ 36.7 billion in 2013 .
Profits from production activities declined slightly in the third quarter , while downstream profits ( including refining and chemical production ) fell from 45 % to $ 380 million .
This decline in refining margins affects the sector as a whole .
As Chevron 's main competitor , Exxon Mobil reported a declining net profit on Thursday , despite rising oil and gas production .
School transport : the complaint considered admissible
The Commission scolaire de la Région - de - Sherbrooke ( CSRS ) has been charging a fee of $ 150 per student ( up to a maximum of $ 300 per family ) from the beginning of the school year for students who are on school transportation to two residences , a service that the organization offers when it is able to do so .
Prior to the changes to the last budget , no financial contribution was claimed .
" There is a mediation service that is proposed by the committee and I was interested , " says Lefèvre .
In her view , the CSRS was invited to mediation and asked for more time to reflect on it .
" It is always better to talk about it , to work together and to find solutions , " says Lefèvre .
The Commission scolaire de la Région - de - Sherbrooke ( CSRS ) did not want to comment .
The organization has only meant that mediation is part of the process in a complaint .
Imbroglio around the closure of the Hôtel - Dieu emergencies
Faced with the frondation led over the past several months by some of the staff and several unions , including the SGC , the Minister of Health , Marisol Touraine , had decided on 10 July to " set off the timetable for the implementation of the project , and in particular the date for the closure of the emergencies , which can not take place on 4 November " .
A formal request " not to run any risk to emergency management in Paris at the beginning of the winter " but also aimed not to interfere with the SP campaign a few months from the municipalities .
Despite ministerial direction , the closure should still be effective on that date .
Although the term " transformation " or " change in continuity " is preferred in APHP .
Starting on 4 November , firefighters who provided about a quarter of the 40,000 annual emergency passes at the Hôtel - Dieu will all have been instructed to take 30 serious cases a day to other Parisian hospitals .
This date of November 4 is also the renewal of boarding schools .
At the Hôtel - Dieu , the emergency room will be situated on Monday at five general medical rooms .
The transfer of internal medical beds is scheduled for the month .
" The Hotel - Dieu emergency department must close as soon as possible , and for us it is 4 November , " says Loïc Capron , the chairman of the medical establishment commission ( CME ) of the APHP , who supports the management project .
" On 4 November , there will be no more patients brought by the firefighters , only people coming by their own means , " confirms Professor Jean - Yves Fagon , the medical manager of the new Hôtel - Dieu .
" But we will continue to receive emergency patients , " he said , arguing for the permanent presence of SMUR vehicles on site to transfer serious cases .
Senior emergency doctors will be on hand , he says .
However , it is up to the RSA to decide to close the emergency reception service .
" Things are being done gradually , " says Nicolas Péju , spokesman for the ARS for whom , on 4 November , " there will be no change in terms of service rendered . "
" The Minister has lied to us or has been lied to him , " deplores Emergency Medical Officer Gérald Kierzek .
He was dismissed from his position as head of the SMUR in early July for having led the front against the reorganisation project , and is defined as an " alert launcher " in the face of a " cynical " decision taken by " the medico - administrative technostructure " .
" They are emptying and suffocating emergencies that were renovated less than five years ago , " he says .
For him , " if the other Parisian emergency services could absorb the surplus , there would be no problem " .
However , they are regularly overcrowded .
For example , there are sometimes nine hours waiting in Lariboisière 's emergencies .
In ARS , it is argued that 30 patients who are " dispatched " on several sites are not likely to represent an " avalanche " in the other emergency departments , whose human resources will also have been strengthened .
Both the ARS and the APHP are defending the " new hospital model " that has already been in place since 7 October and is expected to continue to accommodate 30,000 to 35,000 patients per year .
By the end of the year , liberal general practitioners should also be involved in setting up an " outpatient care service " .
" Where is it going to go if people are asked to self - diagnose , " asks Gérald Kierzek for whom " the concept of a non - serious emergency " is " dangerous " and marks a " medical regression " .
This will happen as with level 3 maternity .
People are not mad , they go where there is the best care .
If the Minister does n't take action by Monday , we 're going to change the braquet , warns Christophe Prudhomme , an emergency physician and a member of the SGC Health .
We are going to be even more present in the municipal campaign and we are going to think about presenting a list .
In the team of Nathalie Kosciusko - Morizet , Vincent Roger , UMP adviser from Paris and elected from the 4th district , makes it clear that " even if the Paris UMP were to maintain the emergencies at the Hôtel - Dieu , it would be technically and financially impossible to reopen them if we return to responsibility " .
Anne Hidalgo , candidate PS , recalled again on Monday morning on France Inter that she had voted in favour of a moratorium so that there would be no closure on November 4 .
If that were the case , she would be in clear disagreement , says Bruno Julliard , her spokesman .
Even if the restructuring of the Hotel - Dieu has its substantive legitimacy , we can not accept it without an acceptable pattern of deferral to other hospitals .
Obama puts an end to IMF and World Bank listening
Barack Obama directed the National Security Agency ( NSA ) to stop listening to the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and the World Bank as part of its intelligence activities , says an American official on Thursday .
This decision is part of the White House 's attempt to take over the NSA listening affair after the revelations made by former analyst Edward Snowden , a refugee in Russia .
This is the first time that the intelligence agency has been monitoring the IMF and the World Bank since the scandal began .
Asked about this , a US government official said , " the US does not conduct electronic surveillance of World Bank and IMF headquarters in Washington . "
Speaking anonymously , he did not specify whether such monitoring had been implemented in the past .
Another official told him that Barack Obama had ordered the practice to cease in the past few weeks .
This instruction was given at approximately the same time as the one ending the listening to UN Headquarters in New York .
In this context , the Senate Intelligence Commission approved on Thursday a strengthening of controls over government surveillance programs , but allowed them to continue .
The Commission has introduced new restrictions on the data that intelligence agencies are allowed to collect and has imposed a five - year limit on the retention of such information .
The United Nations welcomes new targets for poverty reduction
The United Nations will begin work now on a new set of goals to replace the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) , which had been set up 12 years ago to combat global poverty .
Australian diplomats played a key role in promoting " sustainable development goals " to replace the MDGs , which will expire in 2015 , before the United Nations Summit on Sustainable Development , which began the day before in Rio de Janeiro .
They were included in the final draft of the document , which will be adopted by world leaders , including Ms. Gillard , at the summit .
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki - moon said on the eve of the summit that it is now time to " go beyond national interests " .
" I am pleased that Member States have agreed to launch and take ownership of the process of setting universal sustainable development goals ( SDGs ) , " he added .
These SDGs will build on the progress made within the framework of the Millennium Development Goals and will be an integral part of the post-2015 development framework .
I will do my utmost to fulfil the mandate given to me by member States to achieve our vision of the sustainable development goals that build on the success of the MDGs .
Security concerns in Mozambique are growing at the same time as conflicts between powerful personalities are erupting .
At the foot of the statue of Samora Machel , the founding president of Mozambique , who was sheathing them , thousands of people gathered in the centre of Maputo to scandal peaceful slogans during a rare public demonstration .
" We want peace to return ; we want stability , " said Vanessa de Sousa , Managing Director of an investment company .
Worried about the future of her country , she exchanged her working clothes for a T - shirt marked " we want security " in Portuguese before joining the crowd amassed in the capital 's Independence Square on Thursday .
For two weeks , there have been almost daily reports of conflicts between the Government forces and the Renamo , the worst clashes since the peace agreement that was signed more than 20 years ago .
Renamo was once a famous rebel movement , initially supported by Rhodesia , which was ruled by white people , and then the apartheid government of South Africa as part of its efforts to destabilize the country 's independent government .
After a peace agreement signed in 1992 , it became an opposition party .
Analysts believe that the country should not fall back into open conflict , but recent events have shaken foreign investors and the local population .
The challenge is considerable for the growing economy , as the discovery of huge reserves of offshore gas and coal deposits in the north - west could attract more than $ 50 billion in investment over the next few years from companies such as Rio Tinto , Vale du Brazil , Eni d'Italy and Anadarko du United States .
The Frelimo , the ruling party and the main political force since 1975 , and the Renamo reject each other 's responsibility for tensions .
Renamo states that the government was responsible for the recent clashes and that it launched an attack on its members in the province of Sofala , a traditional Renamo stronghold , on 17 October .
The assaults on the former rebels then degenerated when government forces attacked the Renamo bases and attempted to kill the group 's leader , Afonso Dhlakama , and Fernando Mazanga , the Renamo spokesman , according to the Financial Times .
The government makes the Renamo accountable for triggering conflict , and accuses it of attacking soldiers .
President Armando Guebuza has sought to minimize concerns about instability .
Mr. Guebuza told AFP , the French news agency , on Wednesday , that Mr. Dhlakama considered himself a " loser " who wanted to use " all the forces left to him to try to prove that he could impose his decisions on the government . "
Frelimo and Renamo insist that they both want to avoid war .
But concern grew after Mr. Mazanga declared that the Renamo was abandoning the 1992 peace agreement .
He told the FT that he meant that the agreement was no longer being respected by the Frelimo .
" We want to resume negotiations , but with great seriousness , " Mr. Mazanga said .
Previous discussions between the parties have failed to ease the tensions fuelled by a series of conflicts this year .
" It 's two great men ( Guebuza and Dhlakama ) who do n't stop fighting , " said Joseph Hanlon , a lecturer at the open university and specialist in Mozambique .
None of them can negotiate well and none of them is ready to make the necessary concessions .
The Renamo , which is in favour of electoral reform , has already said that it will boycott the municipal elections to be held in November .
Presidential and parliamentary elections are scheduled for next year .
Some commentators have interpreted his use of force as an attempt by a sick movement to obtain concessions and a treasure of war from the government .
The share of the Renamo vote has been declining since 1992 , while a new party , the Democratic Movement of Mozambique ( MDM ) , which was created by a former member of the Renamo , is expected to obtain more votes in the elections .
Mr. Mazanga said that Mr. Guebuza - who is due to withdraw at the end of his second term next year - wants to destroy democracy in the country .
" He does not want multi - party democracy , he does not want transparent elections , he does not want peace because he does not want to leave the presidency , " Mr. Mazanga said .
It is not clear exactly what the Renamo is capable of , but it has carried out disruptive illumination attacks on police stations and vehicles on a major north - south highway .
Most of the clashes took place in Sofala province , which is several hundred kilometres north of Maputo , but where Beira is the port where mining companies , including Rio Tinto and Vale , export coal .
In June , Rio was unable to use the railway for about a week after the Renamo threatened to attack the railway line .
Mr. Mazanga was falsely shy when asked whether the Renamo would repeat that threat .
The Renamo wanted to " warn the international community that things are not going well in Mozambique , " Mr. Mazanga said .
Instability has reinforced the frustration of the government , says Fernando Lima , director of Mediacoop , an independent media company , and many people are also concerned about corruption , slow development and the recent wave of kidnappings .
" People think that the country 's future is the government and the president , and that it is the government and the president to find solutions to the problems , " he said .
Omar Sultuane , a protester , said people just want stability .
" No one is concerned about the Renamo or Frelimo , they just want to find peace , they want free access to roads , " he added .
Myths and legends should be taught to children as " life - style models , " the author says .
Thor 's Legend could show that " brutal force does not weigh up against subtle ruse , " while arthurian legends show the importance of having a dream .
Saying that many myths would be " far too violent , far too scandalous and in some cases , far too obscene to be taught at school , " Crossley - Holland advocated a " careful selection " of age - appropriate works .
" I think it is a great thing that myths and folklore are already part of education in America , " he said .
I have been advocating this project for 20 years .
He added that the fact that authors and teachers are " openly didactic " means that children " drop out " , with messages " sublimated " in pleasant stories .
Crossley - Holland , who translated Beowulf from Anglo - Saxon and wrote The Penguin Book of Norse Myths and British Folk Tales , said : " You may have good intentions , but you prefer to keep them out of sight . "
Perhaps the great difference between an adult writer writing for adults and an adult writer writing for children is the need to offer hope .
Not that everything must be simplified or finished well , but there is an innate sense of good and evil .
And it must be sublimated ; revealed through a history rather than declared .
The known basis of what you are showing and not saying .
One combatant from the armed arm of Hamas was killed this evening and another was injured by an Israeli tank fire in the Gaza Strip , it was learned from medical and security sources in Gaza .
According to these sources , these activists conducted a surveillance operation in the border area between Palestinian territory and Israel when they were shot by an Israeli armoured .
The US has " gone too far " , admits Kerry
The US has sometimes gone " too far " in the area of espionage , " said Secretary of State John Kerry , in this first Washington admission to be in full controversy with Europe over the massive collection of data by the National Security Agency ( NSA ) .
After ten days of scandal , revelation and denial between the US and its European allies , this is the first time that a US government official has explicitly admitted controversial practices in the NSA 's interception of communications and data in Europe .
" In some cases , I concede to you , as the Chair has done , some of these actions have gone too far and we are going to make sure that this does not happen in the future , " said John Kerry at a conference in London in which he has been participating from Washington on Thursday , October 31 by video link .
In his transmitted intervention , in the presence of his British counterpart , William Hague , the head of US diplomacy has long justified intelligence and information - gathering practices by the necessary counter - terrorism and prevention of possible attacks .
Referring to the attacks of 11 September 2001 , the attacks in Madrid in March 2004 and the attacks in London in July 2005 , John Kerry assured the US authorities that , since then , many attacks have been failed , through interception of communications and the collection of information .
" We have effectively prevented planes from falling , buildings from exploding , and people from being murdered , because we were able to be aware of these projects , " the American diplomatic boss argued .
And , said John Kerry to the Europeans , ' I assure you that in this process innocent people have not been deceived ' .
But we are trying to gather information .
" Yes , in some cases , it went too far " , the Secretary of State admitted , who had already had to speak on this international scandal during a tour last week in Paris , London and Rome .
He assured Thursday evening that President Obama was " determined to try to clarify and to review these practices so that no one feels wrong . "
But the controversy between the Americans and Europeans continued to swell this week with new revelations in the press .
According to the Washington Post , NSA intercepted data from hundreds of millions of Google and Yahoo users .
The newspaper , which cites documents obtained from the former NSA consultant Edward Snowden , states that the " MUSCULAR " program , conducted with the NSA British counterpart GCHQ , allows both agencies to retrieve data from the fibre optics used by Internet giants .
According to one of the documents , some 181 million items had been collected in the month of January alone - from metadata on e - mails , to text elements or audio or video documents .
Such interceptions would take place outside the US .
But Yahoo and Google denied any link to these practices .
For the past ten days , several major newspapers in France , Germany , Spain and Italy have revealed that the NSA has reportedly intercepted data and communications from US allies and their leaders , including German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
In the face of the anger of European states , and when US press leaks said that the US President was unaware of this , Barack Obama refused to speak on it , citing national security .
On the other hand , the boss of the powerful NSA , General Keith Alexander , denied him that his intelligence agency had captured tens of millions of communications from European citizens .
He even returned the bullet to the European intelligence services , who allegedly seized these communications , before supplying them to the NSA .
This would involve ' military operations ' in countries where these NATO allies are cooperating with the US , and it would be absolutely not for Europe , General Alexander said .
And the controversy was spreading to Asia on Friday .
Indonesia has convened the Ambassador of Australia , whose mission is accused of being used by the Americans as part of a vast international espionage network that has also sparked China 's earth .
The Paris Saint - Germain will receive Lorient Friday without his master asset , the Swedish Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who is injured , announces the League 1 club in a communiqué .
The PSG , the leader of the championship in front of Monaco , unlike the goals , released the list of players selected for the 12th day game , without the 32-year - old attacker .
The communiqué simply states that he is " injured " , without specifying the nature of the injury .
However , he suffered from an inflammation of the left knee when he returned from selection at the beginning of the month .
A Ceremony in Memory of the Late Crematized
At 11 a.m. , the Crematorium of Père Lachaise organizes a secular ceremony in memory of all the late crematised in its establishment during the year .
Anne Hidalgo , a socialist candidate at the Mayor 's Office in Paris , is to attend and will then explain her proposals for funeral at a press conference .
To follow the ceremony , click above .
For their own funerals , more and more French choose cremation , rather than burial : 53 % , according to an Ipsos study carried out on 6 and 7 September with 1009 people , instead of 47 % .
For the funerals of a loved one , the reverse is true : the French prefer burial ( 53 % versus 47 % ) .
If they have the misfortune of losing a child , they are only 15 % to choose cremation .
In his book La Mort en ashes , Damien Le Guay , a philosopher and vice - president of the National Funeral Ethics Board , insists on the " violence " of cremation , for survivors .
There is , with cremation , " a violence made to the loved body " , which will be " reduced to a pile of ashes " in a very short time , not after a process of decomposition , which would " accompany the phases of mourning " .
There is also " symbolic violence " , which is due to the " erasure of singularity and distinctive signs " reduced to the " anonymity " of the ashes .
Why is what is accepted without pain in some Nordic and Protestant countries still badly lived in France ?
" Because cremation is a new fact , " says Marie - Frédérique Bacqué , president of the Thanatology Society and author of the book Apprivoising Death .
It has been tolerated only since 1963 by the Catholic Church , which has limited attempts to learn it .
For François Michaud - Nérard , the general manager of the funeral services of the City of Paris , to learn about cremation is to arrange for the deceased a ceremony as worthy as that to which he would be entitled with a burial .
The annual Ipsos survey shows a strong commitment to organizing the ceremony .
77 % of French people want one , for their loved ones , whether they are religious ( 53 % ) or civil ( 24 % ) .
Now 73 % of those who have chosen a cream want a ceremony .
66 % of atheists or non - believers also want it .
Crematoria have adapted to this evolution of society .
" For the last decade or so , they have tried to avoid violence to families , without doing anything , for an hour and a half , immediately followed by the ashes , " says Michaud - Nérard .
70 % of the establishments now offer ceremonial masters , who , in the presence of the body , carry out the following ritual : to welcome the assembly , to name the deceased , to connect him to others , to evoke him , to give meaning to his death , to organize the farewell .
This has been the case at the crematorium of Père Lachaise since 1998 .
Ceremonial masters are often people who have converted .
There are also former Catholic priests .
It is in this context that the Crematorium of Father Lachaise has , since 2010 , on La Toussaint Day , organized several ceremonies of remembrance , both secular and non - religious , to which it invites the families of people who were crematized in the year .
For the second year in a row , one of these ceremonies is broadcast on - line , for the attention of those who could not travel .
The crematorium allowed us to relay it .
In La Seyne , Rat Relocation is Polemic
At the beginning of the week , a family left his apartment on the ground floor of the Fructidor D2 building , due to the presence of rats .
In view of the urgency of the situation , the Director of the South Habitat Lands Office , proposed , on an exceptional and temporary basis , the relocation of the couple and his three children in a new T4 .
Yet the family refuses " for financial reasons " and the situation is blocked .
The case has been exaggerated , says Joël Canapa , the Director of the Office .
Rats have always been in cities .
The deratalisation undertaking carries out two passages per year , and , in addition , we intervene , at our own expense , at every request of the inhabitants .
Since the end of last winter , we have made 64 interventions .
The neighborhood is not left to abandon , and the rats do not spoil in the city .
For reasons of environmental protection and public health , deratisation products are four times less effective than in the past , but for two rats , we will not kill one pussy .
" We did not invite the rats to our house , " the father of the family who left his home and moved to the hotel defends himself .
We are soon without the bud and we are waiting for a new accommodation at the same rate as the old one .
Tokyo Stock Exchange Finishes 0.88 % , News
The Tokyo Stock Exchange ended down on Friday despite good Chinese manufacturing statistics .
The dollar 's decline against the yen , damaging to export values , and the annual result warning from Sony on Thursday .
The Nikkei index lost 126.37 points ( 0.88 % ) to 14,201.57 and the Topix yielded 11.23 points ( 0.94 % ) to 1,183.03 .
Sony fell from more than 11 % to 1,668 yen .
A house the prey of flames in Old Quebec
A fire that broke out on Friday noon in Old Quebec was quickly brought under control .
More than 30 firefighters were dispatched to 9 Hebert Street .
The flames were spread in a three - storey house located on four floors behind the yard of the Séminaire de Québec .
All tenants were absent during the fire .
The fire was controlled one hour after the firefighters , many of whom intervened .
As soon as our first firefighters arrived , they really saw apparent smoke .
" So the alarms came together , because it was reinforced to attack the building , because it was buildings glued here , " said France Loiselle , spokesman for the Quebec firefighters .
An investigation is under way to find the cause of the fire .
Ben Greenman : 10th Anniversary of the New York Comedy Festival : The New Yorker
New York City could be said to be the place where the booth was born in America : almost 100 years ago , the actor of vaudeville Frank Fay , who held the role of Master of Ceremonies at the Palace Theatre on Broadway , began to tell jokes directly to the public , in the tone of the conversation .
Fay 's innovation has persisted over the years , until it was more recently taken over by the New York Comedy Festival .
Created and supervised by Caroline Hirsch , the founder of the Carolines booth - up club , the festival celebrates its tenth anniversary this year , with more than 60 performances in small clubs and theatres .
" Most of the posters emerged in Carolines , and were very successful , until they became too famous to play in a club , " said Hirsch .
We have created this festival in order to be able to continue working with them .
This year 's event will feature the participation of Wanda Sykes , Kathy Griffin and Bill Maher and the presentation of " Stand Up for Heroes " , a comedy and music evening for veterans at Madison Square Garden , which will include Bruce Springsteen , Jon Stewart , Roger Waters and Bill Cosby .
The festival has grown , as has the world of comedy .
Many of the actors attending this year 's festival have gone through non - traditional circuits , for example , by showcasing performances on small television channels such as Comedy Central , FX and Spike .
Nick Kroll appeared on the front of the stage in a sitcom on a cable channel ( " The League " on the theme of FXX 's fantasy football joyfully lascif ) and now has his own show of sketches on Comedy Central .
Jenny Slate participated in the " Saturday Night Live " and was part of the " Parks and Recreation " casting , but she is better known for her " Marcel the Shell with Shoes On " viral video series .
Kroll and Slate , as well as other young singular vocalists ( the surrealist pessimist Anthony Jeselnik , the ironic defender of racial justice W. Kamau Bell ) , are pure products of the decentralized world of American comedy .
One of the main attractions of the festival this year will be an interview : David Steinberg talking to Larry David .
Steinberg started as a stand - up actor , but became an accomplished film and television director , as well as an unofficial comedy historian .
Between 2005 and 2007 , he hosted a TV Land show called " Sit Down Comedy with David Steinberg " .
The meeting takes place at the City Hall in the centre of Manhattan .
" The city is definitely in the comedy DNA of all Larry 's work , " said Steinberg .
He told me that , when he was here , sometimes he was going down a street between two buildings and saying Well , if I lose all my money , perhaps I will come and live here .
The price of oil continues to fall and is close to $ 96 per barrel
The price of oil continued to fall on Friday , while concerns about the size of stocks offset a report showing that China 's electricity - intensive manufacturing sector is growing .
The price of U.S. benchmark crude oil for delivery in December fell from 14 cents to $ 96.24 per barrel at the end of the morning in Europe during e - commerce on the New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) .
The contract lost 39 cents on Thursday , leaving it down 5.8 % for October .
The abundant supply of crude oil has weighed on the price in recent weeks .
The US Department of Energy reported on Wednesday that US supplies had increased by 4.1 million barrels last week .
Over a five - week period , supplies increased by more than 25 million barrels .
But two reports on the Chinese manufacturing sector that arrived on Friday , showing growth in activity , suggest an increase in demand .
This suggests that China 's economic recovery could continue to strengthen after growth rebounded to 7.8 per cent in the third quarter , after a decline that had not been experienced in the last two decades .
The crude Brent , a benchmark for international crude already used by U.S. refineries , lost 26 cents to fall to $ 108.58 per barrel on the Inter - Continental Exchange ( ICE ) in London .
Challenging the right to abortion in Texas
A Federal Court of Appeal reinstated in Texas certain restrictions on the right to voluntary termination of pregnancy that had been blocked by a trial judge this week .
This judgment means that a law adopted in July in that State , which greatly undermines the right to abortion , will be able to enter into force .
The Court of Appeal 's decision means that doctors who practice IVGs will have to have an " admission privilege " with local hospitals .
The privilege of admission is the right of a doctor , by virtue of his or her status as a caring member of a hospital , to admit a patient to a hospital or medical centre for the purpose of providing a diagnosis or treatment .
Advocates of the IVG argue that the content of the law may result in the immediate closure of one third of state clinics , as these clinics have not been able to obtain this " admission privilege " for their practitioners .
In total , nearly 22,000 women would be deprived of access to these facilities .
On Monday , a trial judge ruled on the eve of the entry into force of the law that the provisions dealing with admission privilege were unconstitutional .
But the Attorney General of Texas , the Republican Greg Abbott , who is seeking the post of governor , asked the Court of Appeal to set aside the trial judgment that blocked law enforcement .
A plenary hearing on this issue is scheduled for January .
The New Star was able to return force , side by audience , with 1.3 million viewers behind their TV station , or 5.6 % audience share .
But was the show at the meeting ?
Approximately 10,000 candidates went to the hearings of the 10th season to face the jury : Maurane , the evil Sinclair , the perch André Manoukian and Olivier Bas .
On Twitter , viewers shared their comments .
After the excitement of returning to their favourite program , many were disappointed .
But why so much disappointment ?
No candidate seems to have actually made the first prize .
As every year , the first audition shows brew a wide selection of singers , for the best and sometimes for the worst .
On Twitter , we want a show , emotion , originality , music ...
Fortunately , a few have found their way .
Many of them have tried the New Star , and sometimes even gone to the end .
Behind the TV screens , the successful vocations are always there , season after season .
Others just have the ambition to make laughs .
The court blocks a decision on the NYPD control and search policy
A Federal Court of Appeal blocked the decision of a judge requiring changes to the New York Police Department 's monitoring and search program on Thursday and dismissed the case .
The United States Court of Appeal ( Second Circuit ) indicated that the decision of Shira Scheindlin J. was suspended until the City 's appeal .
The judge ruled in August that the city had violated the Constitution as a result of the implementation of its programme to monitor and interview citizens .
The city appealed its findings and corrective orders , including a decision to assign a controller to assist the police department in amending its policy and its associated training program .
On Tuesday , the Court of Appeal heard arguments on the application for a stay .
The Court of Appeal stated that the judge should be removed from the case because it violated the code of conduct for judges by compromising the need for a judge to avoid any appearance of bias , in part because of a series of media interviews and public statements in which she publicly reacted to the court 's criticism .
The judge ruled that police officers violated the civil rights of tens of thousands of people by wrongly targeting black men of Hispanic origin as part of their monitoring and search programme .
It has appointed an external controller to oversee changes , including policy , training and supervision reform , and has ordered a pilot program to test cameras on the body in the neighbourhoods with the largest number of controls .
In August , New York City agreed to end the practice of keeping the names and addresses of the individuals whose cases are rejected after a police check .
The hearing of the City 's appeal is expected to take place after March 14 , 2014 .
The tactic of control and search has been criticized by many civil rights defenders .
The control and search system has been in existence for decades in some form , but the number of checks recorded has increased dramatically under the administration of the independent mayor Michael Bloomberg , reaching its highest historical level in 2011 with 684,330 checks , mainly of black and Hispanic origin .
In 2004 , four men , all from minorities , brought legal action and turned into collective action .
Proponents advocating changes in the NYPD monitoring and search programme say they will put an end to unjust practices , provide more effective and trusted police forces , and change the way police departments use politics .
The opponents say that these changes would undermine the morale of the police without reducing crime , represent a waste of money , and not solve the wider problem of police forces under pressure after the police force has been drastically reduced in the last decade .
The judge stressed that it did not put an end to the constitutional control and search practices , but rather reformed the way NYPD implemented its controls .
Tenants must go to vote , as each of them pays an average of $ 100 per month on the price of the accommodation that goes in taxes to the City .
When the owner pays $ 5,000 in municipal taxes , he divides that amount between each dwelling .
We are forced to raise rents to help us pay the new taxes .
When we go to vote , we send a clear message .
We need to make things happen in the city .
All the candidates told us that they would tackle the scandalous debt .
We can no longer afford fireworks at $ 100,000 , land at $ 4 to $ 5 million in case of ...
Go to vote is the best way to speak and say that is enough .
End of service for chef de l'Elysée
Entered the 500 m2 of Elysene kitchens as a clerk after working in embassies , the cook climbed up every level until he became a chef nine years ago .
He has served six French presidents , from Georges Pompidou to François Hollande and Nicolas Sarkozy , including their holiday grounds , and has fed countless greats of this world in a virtual anonymity that he breaks only today , when he retires , at age 60 .
The man with an open face , dissolved skull and intellectual goggles , born on October 24 , 1953 at the Ferté - Saint - Aubin , has a pastry CAP .
Her mother was herself a cook in a castle in Sologne .
" I passed from one castle the other ! " , ironically Bernard Vaussion , who knows not only the manies of the six presidents for whom he has officiated , but also of their wives and some of their illustrious guests .
" It is always the head of state or his companion or wife who chooses the men , " he recalls .
" Ms. Chirac was a little more involved , she came directly to the kitchen " , to the extent that she had banned women in the Elysée kitchens !
It is not a matter of regret to heads of state who showed a relative indifference to ground food , " they are all gourmand , " denounces Bernard Vaussion gently .
Jacques Chirac had , of course , " a slightly more developed appetite " .
But with Nicolas Sarkozy , who had removed cheese , the plates were empty !
François Hollande , who restored cheese , " is someone who likes to eat " and " there is not much he does not like " .
The current head of state , who returned the lost kilos before the presidential campaign , has " no request for a specific regime " .
Bernard Vaussion also remembers the pressure on his shoulders , especially at the state dinners in Elysée : we have to serve " between 200 and 250 people in about an hour " .
The night before is almost white .
These people would not understand any mistakes .
The old chef of the Elysée cuisine , who took a drink on Tuesday evening with his team , his family and friends , leaves with a pinch in the heart " .
He praised .
" His human side has come out , " he says .
The chief will be replaced by his deputy , Guillaume Gomez , aged 35 , who has been at Elysée for the past seventeen years .
Fire in a house built in 1850 in Québec City
A historic house built in 1850 was the prey of flames in Old Quebec on Friday noon .
The four - unit building , located at 15 Hebert Street , was the subject of three fire alarms .
The fire went forward , but rising on the three floors of the building .
France Voiselle , spokesperson for the Quebec City Fire Protection Service , said that the rapid response of firefighters has prevented the spread of flames to adjacent buildings , a major challenge for this area of the city where the buildings are built in close proximity .
The fire house housed four houses , but no tenants were on site at the time of the fire .
In sum , the damage was limited , even if the water caused damage .
An investigation will be conducted to determine the origin of the crime , but the sappers have ruled out a criminal act .
The Wall Street Wolf : Exit from the second trailer
Martin Scorsese escaped some images of his next film , whose title role , that of an ambitious New York broker , was embodied by Leonardo DiCaprio .
Forget to be reasonable and exit your tickets .
Leonardo DiCaprio is going to discomfort you in his role as a trader .
Martin Scorsese tells us the true story of a " Long Island Stock Exchange Broker , " who refuses to work with the authorities on a large corruption case at Wall Street .
In the 1980s , Jordan Belfort mounted a scam that made him a rich , very rich man .
The opportunity to follow his incredible ascent , but also the dark fall that will follow .
Without limits , the man chains celebrations , women , drugs .
Decadence and excesses of all kinds are the master words of this mad history .
The Scorsese - DiCaprio couple seems to have found the magic that had united them on Shutter Island .
The release of the new Scorsese has been delayed due to its lengthy editing .
It seems that the film finally lasts 2h45 .
In the room on December 25th , he will be able to participate in the Oscar race .
Coulson used hacking to check pipe
The former editor of News of the World Andy Coulson reportedly used " piracy , surveillance and confrontation " to try to confirm a shackled pipe on a link involving the then Minister of the Interior , Charles Clarke .
Prosecutor Andrew Edis QC told the Old Bailey Court that News of the World had heard a false rumour in May 2005 that Clarke had a relationship with Hannah Pawlby , his " pretty special adviser " .
It was reported to the court that the newspaper charged Glenn Mulcaire , a private detective , to pirate Pawlby 's voice mailbox and " permanently plant in front of his door , " but Colson also called him and left him voice messages .
" The accusation suggests that Mr. Coulson , who is now the editor of NotW , is not the kind of man to stay in front of the people 's house hoping to surprise them , it is the kind of man to love to present history to people to see what they say , " said Mr. Edis .
He stated that NotW used three means to investigate issues : telephone piracy , surveillance and confrontation .
The editor is personally involved in the third .
It is clear that he is aware of the second , surveillance , and can not be otherwise .
But what about the first ?
Is he aware of hacking ?
He says the opposite , but we say , " Of course , if " .
The rumours of a Clarke link were taken first by the NotW editorial office when a source , having sexual appeal to Miss Pawlby , said to her : " Do not waste your time with her , she is with Charles . "
A tape , which recorded pirated voice messages on his phone at least three times , was seized at Mulcaire 's home in August 2006 .
The investigators also found seizures on the computer of the private detective that involved Ms. Pawlby and her sister in a " Projects " file .
During the period of the detective 's investigation , Ms. Pawlby 's grandparents received anonymous calls requesting information about her , " said Mr. Edis .
In the meantime , former Chief Reporter Neville Thurlbeck and former reporter James Weatherup oversaw Ms. Pawlby 's actions .
In a voice message he gave him on June 18 , 2005 , Coulson said , " I have a story that we plan to publish tomorrow that I would really like to talk to Charles . "
Mr Edis explained that Coulson 's involvement in history followed the same pattern as other important men , such as former Interior Minister David Blunkett .
The board heard on Thursday that Coulson had confronted Mr. Blunkett about a relationship with a married woman while he was attending the co - defendant Rebekah Brooks , who was also married at that time .
Coulson and Brooks denied having conspired with others to hack telephones between October 3 , 2000 and August 9 , 2006 .
Mulcaire , Thurlbeck and Weatherup admitted that they had carried out telephone hacking .
Barack Obama receives Iraqi Prime Minister , in the midst of violence
The US President was to receive Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Al Maliki on Friday , 1 November 2013 , in search of US aid to combat the greatest wave of violence in five years .
In October , Iraq saw its most deadly month in five and a half years , according to figures published on Friday 1 November by the Iraqi authorities .
964 people died in the violence in October , including 855 civilians , 65 police officers and 44 soldiers , and 1,600 people were injured .
The United Nations is doing even more with 979 deaths and 1,902 injuries .
These violence are increasingly deadly , despite enhanced security measures and large - scale military operations launched for months by the Shia - dominated government of Nouri Al Maliki .
The total number of deaths in October is the highest since April 2008 , when 1,073 people were killed .
About two years after the withdrawal of US troops , the level of violence raises fears of a new outbreak , while neighbouring Syria is in the midst of a civil war .
The bombs hit markets , mosques , weddings and funerals .
Men are shot at the streets or even at home , and the security forces are also the targets of frequent attacks .
The growing dissatisfaction of the Sunni minority in power under Saddam Hussein , who complains of being politically marginalized and the target of unjust arrests , has led to this outbreak of violence .
Friday , new violence killed four people in northern Iraq , following the death of at least 26 people in a series of attacks , including the explosion of five cars north of Baghdad .
Much of the violence has been attributed to the Islamic State in Iraq and the Rise ( EIIL ) , a group affiliated with Al - Qaida ( Sunni extremists ) , also involved in the civil war in Syria .
Nouri Al Maliki wants a " global war " against Al Qaeda .
The violence is at the centre of the talks in the United States of Prime Minister Nouri Al Maliki , who will be received on Friday by President Barack Obama , two years after his previous meeting , on 12 December 2011 .
At that time , the US President , elected on the promise to end the military engagement in that country , had presented an optimistic picture of the situation .
Since his arrival in Washington on Wednesday , Nouri Al Maliki has met with the executive and Congress elected officials .
On Thursday , he called for the international community to wage a " third world war " against Al Qaeda .
The principle of increased security assistance to Iraq is supported by influential Republican and Democratic senators .
But they also criticized Nouri Al Maliki , a Shiite , for attributing it partial responsibility for the resumption of violence through his " sectarian and authoritarian policy " .
They also demanded Barack Obama to make Nouri Al Maliki understand that " Iran 's pernicious influence in the Iraqi government is a serious problem in our bilateral relationship " .
Beijing accuses Uighur group of Tiananmen attack
The Chinese head of internal security accused a group of Xinjiang Uighur separatists on Friday of behind the car bombing that killed five people in Tiananmen Square in central Beijing on Monday .
The vehicle , a SUV , rushed on the crowd in the famous Chinese capital square , a symbol of the murderous repression carried out in 1989 , and caught fire killing its three passengers and two bystanders .
Meng Jianzhu , a member of the Political Bureau for Internal Security , accused the East Turkestan Islamic movement of instigating the attack .
Many Uighurs , a Turkish - speaking minority in Xinjiang , call this Chinese province Eastern Turkestan .
For the Chinese government , this movement is responsible for the frequent eruptions of violence that occur there with independence claims .
" The violent terrorist incident in Beijing was organised and premeditated , " said Meng to the Hungarian - Kongese Phoenix TV .
" The group that was taking place behind the scenes was the East Turkestan Islamic movement , " he added , and his remarks were taken up by the new China agency .
The Chinese police identified the driver of the vehicle , whose name suggests he is of Uighur origin , and indicated that his wife and mother were with him in the car .
It also contained gas - filled containers and a flag with Orthodox religious inscriptions .
The incident caused 42 injuries .
The East Turkestan Islamic movement is considered a terrorist organization by the United States and the United Nations .
The Vatican surveys contraception , divorce and homosexuality
The Vatican has undertaken a major survey around the world on how parishes manage sensitive issues such as contraception , divorce and same - sex couples .
The survey asks participants how priests care for gay couples and their children , and how they treat men and women who live together without being united by marriage .
The survey was sent out in mid - October to each national bishops ' conference , with as many responses as possible .
The information will be used for an important gathering on the family that Pope François plans to hold next year .
The news was reported on Thursday by the " National Catholic Reporter " , an independent Catholic newspaper of the United States .
A spokesperson for the United States Catholic Bishops Conference confirmed that the document was authentic and that each bishop would decide on the appropriate way to probe the parishes .
In the United Kingdom , bishops published the survey on the Internet , asking Catholics to participate .
DRC : army attacks last rebel fief
The irreducible M23 , a few hundred combatants , was removed at almost 2000 metres above sea level from the agricultural hills of Chanzu , Runyonyi and Mbuzi , close to Bunagana and Jomba , two towns about 80 km north of Goma , the capital of North Kivu province .
" It has not stopped since this morning , fighting continues despite the night , " AFP told a resident of Jomba , telephoned at about 12:30 p.m. , who said that a girl was shot in the morning .
" The intensity of the clashes has diminished a little , " he added , " it appears that the FARDC Armed Forces of the DRC have pushed the rebels a little . "
According to the witness , who wanted to remain anonymous , the soldiers had " spent the night " in Jomba before going to the front for a " sweep " .
There was a clear hearing behind him of crepit feeding on small arms .
From Bunagana , the political fief and the last stronghold of the rebellion that fell on Wednesday , an AFP journalist could hear heavy weapons detonations .
According to one source to the United Nations Stabilisation Mission for the DRC , the fighting has entered " a final phase " , with FARDC ' encircling the remaining M23 positions to dislodge them ' .
Since the recurrence on Friday of clashes between the 23 March Movement ( M23 ) and the army , Monusco has not been directly involved in the fighting , but it has provided government troops with decisive intelligence , observation and planning support .
At the end of the afternoon , several dozens of soldiers , well - supplied with ammunition , went to the front line .
They were armed with kalashnikov and rocket launchers .
Earlier , on the road to Bunagana , a border crossing with Uganda , military aided civilians were charging a multi - rocket launcher mounted on a new FARDC flaming truck , to take over another machine punching the M23 positions on the hills .
The Congolese President , Joseph Kabila , once again called on the rebels on Wednesday evenings to " demobilise voluntarily " under threat of being forcibly disarmed " , but left the Kampala process open , where Kinshasa and the M23 have been discussing since December with no result .
On the ground , the M23 political leaders hope to reach agreement .
" We have concluded the talks , only the Ugandan mediation has to organise the signature , " said Roger Lumbala , Vice - President of the M23 delegation , without this information being immediately confirmed on the government side .
The M23 was born in April 2012 from a mutiny of former rebels , mainly Tutsi , integrated into the army in 2009 after a peace agreement .
The United Nations and Kinshasa regularly accuse Uganda and Rwanda of supporting the M23 , which Kigali and Kampala refute .
North Kivu is one of the most densely populated areas in the DRC , and its subsoil is full of coveted mining resources .
In Bunagana , on the Ugandan side of the border , where some 5,000 people had taken refuge between Monday and Wednesday , according to the United Nations , the return movement to the Democratic Republic of the Congo , which started in the morning , reversed in the midday .
" This morning we crossed to go to our fields , but the soldiers told us to withdraw , " said AFP Imelda Nyirankusi , surrounded by his nine children , including an infant on his back .
There is a sense that the shots are getting closer to the people .
Early in the evening , dozens of people crossed the border , some with a mattress on their head , to spend the night in Uganda .
Musical comedy , this stage beast
Classical , sophisticated , popular , in English or French , singing and dance productions take off .
After Broadway and London , Paris finally got his voice .
It is a revolution : French music is a success .
For a long time , from Notre - Dame de Paris to Mozart the opera rock , most of the attempts were entangled in the ridiculous .
And successes like Cabaret or Les Misérables bore the aureole of the mystery .
The arrival of Jean - Luc Choplin at the Châtelet and Stage - Entertainment in Mogador has changed the data .
Today , these two scenes manipulate the titles as successful tubes .
The first one , this Christmas , his excellent My Fair Lady , announced for the following the world 's creation of " An American in Paris " .
In Mogador , " La Belle et Bête " may well be one of the successes of the season .
On the other scenes , musical shows such as " 1789 " , " the lovers of the Bastille " and small musicals such as " Disco " or " Life and Times " are set to match success and quality .
Patrick Niedo , author of the reference book " Stories of musicals " and lecturer at the Théâtre du Châtelet , analyses the reasons for the success so hard - won .
How do French musicals evolve ?
The supply has increased .
First of all , there are " musical shows " that evolve as producers choose ...
Some use beautiful images and a true history , as in 1789 , the Lovers of the Bastille .
Others are taking a 15-year leap back on the pretext that we can serve about anything when we have Matt - Pokora at the top of the poster .
Afterwards , we have the musicals with the sumptuous -productions of the Châteaulet that make us revive the golden age of Broadway and discover the universe of Stephen Sondheim , the great living composer .
Stage -Entertainment popularizes Anglo - Saxon musicals of variety by adapting them in French .
Independent French producers are trying to break through .
But ongoing projects such as " Rent " , " Le Baiser de la femme spider " or " L'Éave du -printimp " are hard to finance .
Do we have enough capable artists like Broadway singer , play and dance ?
In Paris , when there are eight musical shows in one season , it is a great year .
We have 200 talented artists who turn projects into projects .
In the United States , the cradle of music is very different .
Young people are trained in these trades in many schools .
There are many jobs between regional theatres , touring , Broadway , off - Broadway ...
The pool of talent is as large as the number of jobs to be filled .
Why are the provincial tours so successful ?
With the exception of opera , the province remains the poor parent of culture in France .
Few plays go on tour and it is often a boulevard theatre for adults , not young adults .
Musical shows fill this gap .
They are the same young people who love telereality and what it produces as ephemeral stars ...
Offering beautiful ( often talented ) young men to the head of a musical show is an assurance of the enthusiasm of these girls and often of their entire families .
The Facebook pages of these shows are skilfully maintained by professionals who answer questions .
These shows are very much expected when they arrive in a Zenith of the province .
The mayonnaise was mounted in Paris and tasted by the provinces .
The show is designed to enter all major halls in France in the same form as in Paris .
A serious injured in an accident with a ghost driver on the Brussels ring
A road accident caused a serious injury , on Friday morning at around 5:30 a.m. , on the Brussels interior ring at Hoeilaart , towards Waterloo .
A driver 's car was hit by a ghost driver , who is unclean to her .
The ring was closed to traffic until 9:00 a.m. at the location of the accident , when the road was cleared and an expert determined the circumstances of the accident .
This situation , however , did not cause much traffic congestion , as the accident occurred at the Hoeilaart exit .
As a result , traffic could be diverted by this ring exit / entrance .
Seriously Injured Child in Disneyland Attraction Paris
A five - year - old child was seriously injured as a result of an accident at a Disneyland Paris attraction .
His vital prognosis is no longer committed , but he is still hospitalized .
At the time of the fall , the boy was with his father on a boat of the " Caribbean Pirates " attraction .
It has been closed until further notice .
DRC : Army prepares for new assault
Children play on a charred armour belonging to the M23 rebels in Kibumba on 31 October 2013 in the eastern DRC .
Friday , the Congolese army was preparing for a new assault on the remaining M23 rebel strongholds near Bunagana in the eastern DRC .
The aim is to dislodge the M23 from the hills above Bunagana .
Yesterday we took the hill of Bugina , which overlooks the hill of Mbuzi .
Today , Mbuzi should fall itself .
Only Runyonyi Hill will remain .
" Chanzu is not a very strategic one , " AFP said North Kivu Governor Julien Paluku .
Mr. Paluku plans to visit Bunagana on Saturday .
This village is a political fief and last strong place in the rebellion , and is located on the Ugandan border , about 80 km north of Goma .
It was taken on Wednesday by the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Since then , a few hundred irreducible M23s have been removed at almost 2,000 metres above sea level on the agricultural hills of Chanzu , Runyonyi and Mbuzi , close to Bunagana and the nearby town of Jomba .
In Jomba , a resident who had reported close fighting on Thursday throughout the day said the situation was " calm since this morning " .
According to him , a woman and her child were killed in the fighting the day before and were buried .
One girl was shot and three others were wounded , one of whom was seriously evacuated by FARDC , adding the witness called by the AFP .
Since the resumption of fighting between FARDC and rebels on 25 October , the two belligerents have failed to take stock of the loss of life .
NSA Revelations Increase Business Paranoia in State Supervision
On a nice day at the end of August , a German police helicopter overflew the British Consulate in Frankfurt , Germany 's financial capital , at low altitude .
By order of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution ( BfV ) , the German national intelligence agency , its task was to photograph the roof of the American outpost , located less than 5 km from the European Central Bank and the Bundesbank .
The German media explain that the BfV was hoping to identify the presence of listening antennae and that the operation generated an exchange between the United States and the German Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Berlin .
James Clapper , the Director of US Intelligence Services , again insisted in September that the US does not use its foreign intelligence capabilities to " steal the trade secrets of foreign firms on behalf of US companies to increase its international competitiveness or to increase its profits . "
But since Edward Snowden , the consultant who became a whistleblower , began to unveil his inexhaustible treasure of information about US surveillance secrets , European governments and business leaders no longer know whether to believe the director on his own word .
Reports , according to which the United States National Security Agency spied on the Brazilian oil company Petrobras and had access to data held by United States suppliers of storage services in the Cloud , including Google and Yahoo , have more than ever sparked corporate paranoia with regard to State surveillance .
The revelation that the German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's phone had been hijacked , perhaps even for a decade , was the drop of water that overflowed the mud .
If the most powerful person in Europe can be targeted , then business leaders are surely also potential targets .
Snowden has made the intensive collaboration between US intelligence services and business transparent .
I think it is conceivable that these data should be used for their mutual benefit .
" Germany must wake up , " says Oliver Grün , president of BITMi , who represents German IT SMEs .
German companies believe that the US is as risky as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft , according to a July survey published by EY .
However , in all of Mr. Snowden 's documents , there is no evidence to date that the United States has passed on trade secrets from foreign companies to American companies .
Politicians have expressed concern that the EU does not have sufficient computer and Internet capabilities and that it should strive to reduce its dependence on the US .
Business leaders are sceptical about this .
One Member of the German Parliament says that we should create a German Google .
I can only close my eyes and reopen slowly ...
" This is not the right way to do it , " says Hasso Plattner , President of the German company software company , SAP .
If we wanted a strong European IT industry , then we should not let it die 20 years ago .
Everything is subsidised in Germany , from coal to cars to farmers .
Everything except the IT industry .
However , the magnitude and sophistication of the US espionage agencies exposed by Snowden 's revelations were a shock to some companies that had previously thought that China was the greatest risk in terms of surveillance .
A major change is taking place in cloud computing , as European officials have become aware that data held in the United States are regulated under the laws of that jurisdiction and thus potentially vulnerable .
According to a survey conducted by the Cloud Security Alliance , a professional organization , about 10 % of non - US members have abandoned their plans to use a US supplier of cloud storage services after the US Prism data mining program was revealed .
Jim Snabe , co - director of SAP , says , " Our clients are asking us today a question they did not ask us a year ago : where are my data kept and can you assure me that they will remain physically in this jurisdiction ? "
Many German leaders say that the latest reports are only a confirmation of what they already knew , namely that powerful states want to steal their most precious secrets and that these data must therefore be kept at all costs .
Not surprisingly , there is economic espionage .
There have always been .
" It has been a recurring topic for many years and nothing has fundamentally changed in the current discussion , " says Kurt Bock , general manager of BASF chemicals company .
The Americans are spying on us in trade and industry , just as we are spying on them , because it is in the national interest to defend our companies .
Business leaders are generally reluctant to reveal the preventive measures they have put in place , in the event that they leave the advantage to an adversary .
Large companies have long hammered the message that it is at least imprudent to recover a free USB key in a trade show or to leave a laptop unattended in a hotel room .
Ulrich Hackenberg , a member of the board of directors of the car manufacturer Audi , states that the collection of mobile phones prior to board meetings , so that they can not be used as remote listening devices , has been a common practice for years .
Germany 's BfV advises its managers to consider using simple prepaid mobile phones while travelling abroad because of the risk of damage to the integrity of smartphones .
Prepaid mobile phones are then discarded .
However , there are concerns that small and medium - sized enterprises may remain vulnerable to piracy and surveillance .
In Germany , many SMEs are world leaders in their particular niche .
" SMEs often lack the experience , personnel and financial resources to effectively protect their trade secrets from unauthorized access , " the BfV warned in a report .
The United States is alerting its own companies to the economic espionage activities of other countries .
The U.S. National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) in February cited France , as well as Russia and Israel , as second - tier guilty of hijacking economic intelligence behind China , according to The Washington Post .
A member of the board of directors of a renowned German company believed that when it comes to economic espionage , " the French are the worst . "
Bernard Squarcini , the former French Director of Internal Intelligence , the DCRI , said in an interview this month : " The services know perfectly well that all countries , even if they cooperate in the fight against terrorism , spy on their allies . "
The parents of a Georgian teenager , who died in unusual circumstances , believe that his son was murdered .
The parents of a Georgian teenager , whose body was found in a wrestling carpet rolled in his high school gymnasium , believe that his son was murdered , said the family lawyer on Thursday .
Kendrick Johnson , of Valdosta , Georgia , was found on January 11 stuck in a stand - up carpet behind the gyms of his high school .
The investigators of the sheriff of the County of Lowndes concluded that Johnson had died in unusual circumstances , but the family of the 17-year - old boy disputed these findings .
" They are absolutely sure that their son was murdered , " said Benjamin Crump , lawyer for Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson on FoxNews.com .
They never thought that he was dead as stated in the Sheriff 's conclusions .
" They think that it defies all logic , the laws of physics , and the common sense , " said Crump .
They are convinced that these findings have been made for the sole purpose of covering the person or persons responsible for the death of their son .
" They sent their son to school with a binder and they were returned to them in a mortuary bag , " he added .
Counsel for the United States Michael Moore stated on Thursday that he was conducting a formal investigation into Johnson 's death , pointing out that several important issues remain unanswered .
What is the cause of death ?
Is his death the result of a criminal act ?
Moore spoke at a press conference on Thursday afternoon .
I am going to follow up the facts , wherever they lead .
My aim is to discover the truth .
" I consider that there is a sufficient basis " for a formal investigation , he said .
Moore told journalists that the first autopsy indicated that Johnson had died by " positional asphyxia " .
However , a second autopsy identified another cause of death , according to Moore .
" Several questions still deserve an answer or confirmation , " he said .
Moore added that if it identifies elements that would justify a civil or criminal investigation into Johnson 's death , it will ask the FBI to conduct it .
The representative of the sheriff 's office in Lowndes County was not available to give his opinion when we contacted him on Thursday .
A South Georgian judge ordered the authorities to hand over all video records that the investigators had examined on Wednesday .
The teenager 's parents stated that they hoped that the video images contain clues to the circumstances of his death .
CDC issues advice on child allergies to schools
On Wednesday , the US Centre for Disease Control and Prevention issued a series of guidelines on how to manage children 's food allergies at school .
This is the first set of guidelines issued by the U.S. government , as the number of school - age children with food allergies has risen sharply .
One in 20 children in the United States now suffers from food allergies .
The CDC found that the prevalence of food allergies in children increased by 18 % between 1997 and 2007 .
The guide contains information for schools on how to educate faculty and staff about food allergies in children , and how to treat them in the event of an allergic reaction .
He also recommends that schools have a stock of epinephrine - the most commonly used EpiPen brand self - injection - to be able to react quickly in the event of potentially fatal anaphylaxis .
State legislatures have recently updated regulations to make it easier for schools to have epinephrine in stock .
The report also includes a list of typical symptoms reported by children with allergic reactions .
Kids can say , " I have the impression that something bites me language , " " I feel I have a hair on the language , " or " I have a sticker on the language . "
The NSA case highlights the total lack of debate on intelligence
How can we explain the contradictory attitude of the French government , which on the one hand publicly bogged down by summoning the United States ambassador on 21 October , and on the other hand forbids the overflight of the territory by the Bolivian presidential aircraft , based on the rumour of the presence aboard Edward Snowden ?
In my view , there are two levels of response from the French Government .
When François Hollande calls Barack Obama , or when Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius calls the US Ambassador , they react to a real discovery , that of the extent of US surveillance of all communications in France .
Is it not surprising to read in the World columns a few weeks apart , on the one hand , the reproduction of American diplomatic correspondence and , on the other hand , the NSA 's condemnation of the listening to the Quai d'Orsay ?
Would n't there be a wave of hypocrisy on your part ?
The journalistic approach is not a moral one , but a search for the interest and relevance of information that enables every citizen to form an opinion .
When WikiLeaks sets the veil on American diplomacy 's analysis of political or other issues around the world , we consider that , in the light of American power , it is an important light .
When we describe American interception systems against French diplomacy in the United States , it is in no way to indignate us with this practice , it is to describe the world as it is .
Has France benefited from information provided by the NSA concerning terrorist operations aimed at our interests ?
Can we deprive ourselves of American collaboration ?
The establishment , over the last ten years , of very powerful interception technology by the US , but also by France , has been formally justified by the fight against terrorism .
Moreover , in this area , France and the United States , in particular , have put in place procedures for co - operation and exchange of near - daily information , which are described on both sides as essential .
For example , the presence of Mohammed Merah in the tribal areas in Miranshah was reported to the French thanks to the NSA .
France can be led , for example , to send whole blocks of data on the Sahel region to US services , and , in return - as has already been said - Americans can give information to the French on other parts of the world .
So the substantive issue behind this NSA case is not so much the capacity or the right of countries to acquire interception tools , but the question of the total absence of prior debate , in particular in the parliaments , on the justification of such systems , the perimeter which must be theirs , and , ultimately , the question of infringements of freedoms .
What are the real risks for the US ?
Although they are denounced , I do not see how they can be punished .
The risk to the Americans can be double .
The first is when their allies - and this has been the case recently - learn that their leaders , sometimes at the top of their state , have been monitored .
This is the case for Brazil and Germany , two countries where diplomatic relations with the United States have been strained .
Another effect may be more economic : more and more European or South American companies are reluctant , in the light of the revelations , to entrust their confidential data to US providers subject to US law , and thus to the NSA .
The final point is that the massive movement of revelations by media around the world , which helps to trigger a debate on the practices of intelligence surveillance that had so far been virtually non - existent , may prompt legislators , including the US , to reconsider the powers they have given to their intelligence services .
Parents of intersexual children may choose " undetermined sex "
Germany has become the first European nation to recognize a third sex for infants born with ambiguous sexual organs .
The male or female sex of newborns will no longer be rigidly attributed to them at birth .
Under the new law , parents will no longer be required to declare the sex of their child , allowing them to enter an " undetermined " or " unspecified " sex on their birth certificate .
The purpose of the Act was to remove the pressure on the parents ' shoulders who could make rushed decisions about sexual reassignment surgery for their infants , and to combat discrimination against intersexuals .
According to the BBC , an intersexual person said years later , " I am neither a man nor a woman . "
I will remain the patchwork that the doctors have created , bruised and swallowed .
It is estimated that one in every 2,000 children born each year is neither a boy nor a girl .
They are intersexual , with intersexuality being part of the group of 60 diseases diagnosed as disorders of sexual development , a generic term that refers to persons with atypical chromosomes or gonads ( ovaries or testes ) or abnormally developed sexual organs .
Wallis Simpson could have been intersexual .
Sexual identification is still not well understood , but most experts in the United States say that when sex can not be determined , it is better to use the best available information to attribute it , and then to wait and follow the child 's psychological and physical development before contemplating a surgical procedure , if any .
Dr. Jack Drescher , a psychiatrist in New York and a sexual identification specialist , said the new German law " seems to be a good idea . "
Intersex children pose an ethical dilemma .
" Some people suffer from extremely serious conditions that require surgery , but most children do not , " he added .
It is possible to make a sexual assignment without operation , and see how identity develops .
The science of how a child will develop a sexual identity is not very precise .
No one can answer the question as to why this happens .
It is like the mystery that surrounds homosexuals .
A report submitted to the European Commission in 2011 described intersexuals as different from transsexuals or transgendered persons , since their status is not related to sex but rather to their biological constitution , which is not exclusively that of a man or exclusively that of a woman , but is usually both at the same time and not clearly defined as either .
These characteristics may be self - evident in secondary sexual traits ( such as muscle mass , pilosity , chest and stature ) , primary sexual traits ( such as reproductive organs and sexual organs ) , or chromosome structure and hormones .
The report also provided an overview of the discrimination faced by intersexual and transgendered persons in employment , as well as the extent of harassment , violence and bias - motivated crime .
Non - compliant boys now have camps for them .
Australia and Nepal already allow adults to register male , female or " third - sex " on their official documents .
In June , a 52-year - old Australian woman , Norrie May - Welby , became the first person in the world to be recognized as " neutral " after winning her appeal , allowing her to keep an " unspecified " sex for life .
German passports will have a third designation beside M or F - X for intersex , according to the Ministry of the Interior .
In neighbouring France , gender issues are still the subject of controversy , according to a report on France 24 .
In 2011 , dozens of legislators in this fundamentally Catholic country signed a petition for the " gender theory " to be removed from school books .
The American Catholic Online site also opposed German law , writing that " since the world is dragged into a new reign where gender is a choice but where sexual activity is not one , two other pillars of civilization are overthrown . "
In Maryland , the mother of an infant also told Baby Zone that she would prefer to have a sex attributed to the babies at birth .
" Parenting is sufficiently stressful without further restrictions , especially if you do n't know the sex of your child , " she said on the site for young parents .
Children need stability and certainty .
Historically , children born without male or female sexual organs were called hermaphrodites , according to the name of the beautiful Greek god who had a double sex .
And just a decade ago , the medical community saw the gender as a slate , which one can erase and on which one can redesign .
But now , many people question the ethical basis of surgery , knowing that sexual identity is complex and sometimes doctors can be wrong , not knowing how a child will feel his or her sexual reassignment when he or she grows up .
" In the middle of the 20th century , it was called a psychiatric emergency , " Drescher said .
When these children were born , the psychiatrist was not called , the surgeon was called .
The dominant theory of how to treat children with ambiguous sexual organs was initiated by Dr. John Money of Johns - Hopkins University , who considered gender to be malleable .
He used the term " sexual identity " and argued that social and environmental signals - the way parents raise a child - interact with a child 's genes and hormones to shape it so that it can be identified as male or female .
But in a 1966 case , known as John / Joan , his theories were controversial .
He had advised the parents of a boy whose penis had been cut in a tired circumcision to have him castrate completely , also removing the testis , and to raise him like a girl .
" Money presented this as a successful transition , but it was not , " said Drescher .
At the age of about 15 , he returned to be a boy and married a woman .
But at the age of 38 , he committed suicide .
Drescher stated that some physicians " always repeat this model . "
But in the 1990s , with the advent of the Internet , those who survived these sex - change operations say " [ t]hat they are not satisfied with the result . "
This is the case of Jim Bruce , a 36-year - old writer from Montana , who was born with male XY chromosomes but ambiguous sex organs .
Physicians could not really say whether he had a large clitoris or a small penis and were convinced that he could never have a " satisfactory life " as a man .
So shortly after his birth in 1976 , Bruce underwent surgical removal of the outer organ and testes and was raised as a girl .
She was taken with female hormones at the age of 12 .
" I knew I was n't a girl , " he said on ABCNews.com .
I was not happy , but it was really hard to ask questions .
At the age of 18 , he had a vaginoplasty .
But depressed and realizing that something was not going to happen , he asked for his medical file .
What he discovered horrified him .
I was sterilized at birth - and no one ever told me .
Bruce was born with a sexual development disorder ( SDD ) that prevented his body from producing enough testosterone for his sexual organs to develop .
After learning the truth , he became a man again , following testosterone treatment and getting his breasts removed .
Surgery made it sterile .
Today , he defends the cause of others in an organization called the Interface Project , which tries to normalize the perception of intersexuals .
But Anne Tamar - Mattis , executive director of the California - based non - profit organization Advocates for Informed Choice , fears that the German law " calls for labelling and stigma . "
" Many activists are concerned that German law encourages parents to make quick decisions and give their child a " undefined " sex , " she said .
We are afraid that it will encourage interventions .
We think it would be better to assign a male or female sex , and wait .
But we have not seen what the law will give , so we can only make assumptions .
Tamar - Mattis stated that his organization supported Australian law because " it allows adults to choose to be recognized as third - sex " .
" Adults should be able to make their own decisions about a legal gender , " she added .
German law concerns the attribution of sex to birth .
It is not a battle that young children should lead that age .
When they grow , they can make decisions about their own bodies .
But Dr. Arlene Baratz , a mammography radiologist in Pittsburgh , whose girl is sexually disordered and who assists thousands of people in a support group , has said that German law will " empower " parents and children .
Dr. Baratz 's daughter , Katie , was born with male chromosomes , but suffers from a DDS called a complete androgen insensitivity syndrome .
Due to the failure of its androgen receptors , Katie has developed female characteristics .
She has a vagina , but no uterines or ovaries .
Now 29 years old , Katie is married and interned in child psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania .
Although sterile , she hopes to have children through adoption services or surrogate mothers .
" The law gives parents some flexibility so they do n't have to make early decisions , " said Baratz .
This leaves them time to do some tests and understand them , and a delay before entering " male " or " female " .
So everything is good - you can raise your child and love it .
You have a beautiful baby and enjoy the pleasure of being a parent .
You do not have to rush for surgery that is irreversible .
" It puts children at the heart of the decision and alleviates the anxiety that motivates parents because they are afraid they will not do what they need , " she said .
Finally , the child will decide with which sex he / she feels the most comfortable - and that 's something great .
This allows the child to make the decision for himself or herself .
Letta confident in the longevity of his Government
The President of the Italian Council , Enrico Letta , considers that his government will hold until 2015 , despite the strong tensions between the left and the right within the ruling coalition as the Senate votes to dismiss Silvio Berlusconi of his term of office .
In a daily La Stampa interview , the centre - left leader says he has a " firm intention " to continue to govern with his coalition until the next parliamentary elections in 2015 .
The upper chamber of the Italian parliament will meet later this month to decide on the fate of the former President of the Council convicted of tax evasion in August .
Silvio Berlusconi threatens to withdraw support from the government if the Senate , where he has more opponents than supporters , pronounces his dismissal .
But part of his camp , grouped around the National People 's Secretary ( PDL ) Angelino Alfano , continues to support the government , as demonstrated on October 2 , his refusal to give in to Berlusconi 's injunctions , who already wanted the cabinet to fall .
The L.A. Times reports that an agent of the US Transportation Security Agency , TSA , and a suspect were injured during the exchange of fire .
Firefighters on the scene of the drama said they responded to a call for " multiple injuries " .
" The security forces are on the spot , " says the airport on its Twitter account , while the television images showed people evacuated in ambulances .
" There was a shooting , " AFP said a spokesperson for the US Transportation Safety Agency ( TSA ) .
ABC 's local antenna showed a person evacuated on a stretcher , and a second person transported on a wheelchair .
The incident took place around 9:30 a.m. local ( 12:30 p.m. in Montreal ) at terminal 3 of the airport , the airport was also specified .
The Los Angeles Times states that the 2 and 3 are being evacuated .
The TSA spokesperson was not able to confirm immediately if one of his employees was injured .
All arrival and departure flights were suspended .
Israeli army kills Hamas member in Gaza
Israeli tank fire killed an Islamist Hamas activist on Thursday and seriously injured another in the southern Gaza Strip , it was learned from sources of health services .
A Hamas source explained that fighting broke out in that area , as Israeli tanks crossed the border and were targeted by your Palestinian mortar fire .
The Israeli army merely referred to a " targeted action " in the area near a tunnel known as a " terrorist " by the Hebrew State , which was dug on the border and which was announced in mid - October .
Report : Obama 's campaign , considered to leave Biden to Hillary Clinton
President Barack Obama 's closest advisers have , in the most secret , considered replacing Vice - President Joe Biden with Hillary Clinton on the 2012 list , according to the New York Times .
This revelation is the most notable event in Mark Halperin and John Heilemann 's much - awaited 2012 campaign book , " Double Down : Game Change 2012 . "
The Times got a copy of the book to be released and told on Thursday night that the President 's close staff had conducted " in - depth group work and polls in late 2011 " to see if Biden 's eviction could help Obama re - election as his hopes declined .
According to Times Jonathan Martin 's political correspondent , the book provides a detailed analysis of the work of senior campaign and White House officials , the former secretary general of the White House Bill Daley , to measure how the replacement of the vice - president by former secretary of state Clinton might affect the vote .
The possibility of an exchange is a secret that has been fiercely kept within the Chicago Field Headquarters and within the Oval Office .
Only half a dozen close councillors to the President - including Daley , former Obama campaign leader Jim Messina , and former White House councillors - David Axelrod and David Plouffe - knew that change was under consideration .
" Double Down " indicates that Daley led the load to replace Biden , despite their " close personal ties " , before finally deciding against change when the figures showed that having Clinton on the presidential list " did not significantly improve Obama 's chances of success " .
In an interview with Martin , Daley confirmed that the administration had in fact considered replacing Biden with Clinton .
" I said I had looked at a whole series of questions , and it was one of them , " Daley said in the newspaper .
Remember that at that time the President was not in shape , and so we were saying , " Lord , what can we do ? "
While Daley described the exam as a " concerted " , Martin told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that the re - election campaign had invested a great deal to find out if the change would be beneficial during the election .
" The campaigns do not spend a lot of money on surveys and focus groups unless they are serious about taking action , " said Martin on AC360 .
However , it is not clear whether Obama was aware that his team was looking at the replacement .
Martin told CNN that he had asked Daley if his boss at the time was aware of any realignment .
Although Daley said he did not think that the President " was aware " of any change , the former Secretary - General admitted that it was " possible " that Obama knew .
Martin added that " Double Down " did not provide a definitive answer to the question of whether political polls had arrived on Obama 's office .
Cooper asked Martin if he seriously thought Obama did not know that Biden 's eviction from the presidential list was under consideration .
" Maybe , " said Martin .
Do you want a fluo ice ?
A British entrepreneur has created the world 's first fluorescent ice .
Charlie Francis has taken advantage of the fluorescent properties of this marine animal to develop a luminescent snack .
He had the idea of doing so after reading a study on jellyfish and convinced Chinese scientists to chemically recreate the brilliant protein .
The ice cream reacts with the tongue by increasing the pH of the protein to shine .
Chris explains that since ice cream begins to read when it reacts to the heat of the mouth , the lighter it gets .
Charlie , the founder of the ice company " Lick Me I 'm Delicious , " said , " It 's something incredible but we 're still in the early stages in terms of production , and 2 g of it costs about £ 200 . "
The protein we use in ice reacts with the tongue at neutral pH.
So when your mouth warms the protein , the pH level increases and the ice begins to shine .
We have tested it over the past few months and it seemed timely to share it with all at the time of Halloween , because it has a tremendous brilliant effect .
It is probably the most expensive ice I created because the luminescence of the jellyfish is four times more expensive than the gold .
So every ball costs me about £ 140 .
But it has a good taste !
Charlie 's experimental approach company , based in Bristol , is known for its unusual ice perfumes such as beer , cheese , beef and gold leaf .
But its next creation is even more ambitious .
He added : " I really want to develop an invisible ice . "
This is inherently impossible because of the refraction caused by the ice crystals that make up the ice cream , but I think I will find a way to do it .
Ice uses the fluorescent properties of the jellyfish synthesized by Chinese scientists .
Lou Reed died during a session of tai chi
The singer Lou Reed died while doing tai chi exercises , revealed his wife Laurie Anderson in a letter published by the regional newspaper " East Hampton Star " for residents of the town of Springs , where the couple had a house .
The artist died last Sunday , at the age of 71 .
" He died on Sunday morning as he watched the trees and made the famous 21st tai chi movement , with his hands as a musician who split the air , " wrote Laurie Anderson .
Lou Reed was a master tai chi , a Chinese martial art .
The singer 's wife also explains that she promised her husband the week before her death to get him out of hospital and take him to their home in Springs , Long Island .
Lou and I have spent a lot of time here in recent years .
And even if we are city dwellers , it is our spiritual home .
" Lou was a prince and a combatant , and I know his songs on the pain and beauty of the world will convey to many people the great joy of living he had , " she adds .
Lou Reed had a liver transplant last May.
Halloween 2013 : Figures
When I was small , Halloween was magical .
My sister and I were allowed to eat candy , to go to bed late and to disguise ourselves to go to the neighbourhood .
Today , I have become more pinch .
In the last two years , I have not distributed a single sweet and I will certainly not do so this year .
But the stats show that I am the scam sheep when we talk about Halloween .
The majority of Americans - 158 million of them in fact - will celebrate Halloween this year , spending a total of $ 6.9 billion in candy , disguisement and decorations , according to the National Retail Federation .
What I look forward to each Halloween party is the trend .
Disguise is expected to be $ 1.2 billion out of the $ 6.9 billion spent , according to the NRF .
This year , the inanimate sexy objects are fury .
Women no longer need to be sexy professionals ; they can also be sexy foods such as pizzas , hamburgers and carrots .
As far as men are concerned , I expect to see many zombies , thanks to the television series The Walking Dead , and I bet that the men of the space of Daft Punk will be among our photos this year .
According to Google , the most sought after disguises are zombies , Batman , pirates and witches .
I guess there is no difficulty in remaining traditional .
We disguised our dogs last year and , to my surprise , they were not the only ones .
In fact , the US will spend $ 330 million on animal disguises this year , according to the NRF .
It makes a lot of curious dogs disguised in hotdogs .
When it comes to candies , you do n't have to gleep .
The Americans will spend $ 1.9 billion in sweets this year , according to Nielsen .
This represents about 272 million kg of Hershey bars , packers , Milk Duds , Twizzlers and Clark bars .
It is a great news for the 41 million children who are hunting candy in their neighbourhood , according to the US Department of Commerce .
In fact , we are going to buy and , let us not tell stories , consume 41 million kg of chocolate during Halloween .
Candies are the only thing you do n't want to eat , and yet almost 16 million kg are sold to Halloween , according to the National Confectioners Association .
This represents about 9 billion corn grains .
It is a mystery that I have not yet managed to clarify .
Nothing is more representative of Halloween than the haunted houses .
They have the best names , such as " Terror Behind the Walls " , " Howl - O - Scream " and " The House of Shock " .
In fact , there are 1,200 officially recognized haunted houses in the United States , which , according to the America Haunts , generate about $ 500 million in revenues , and it includes these formidable photos of you going to get on it that your friends put on Facebook and you can not remove and on which a type you like well leaves a comment of the style " pretty head " .
Finally , let us talk about pumpkins .
Charlie Brown presented La Grosse Citrouille to us when we were familiar , and carving a lantern - shaped pumpkin is like decorating a Christmas tree - it 's something we 've done since we 're a little .
Fortunately for us , the " baby - pumpkin trend " began only last year thanks to Pinterest , so most of us carved these poppers and did not have to sit in .
This year , Americans will spend about $ 106 million on pumpkin , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
Lantern pumpkins that gently wilt on your home pork were probably from Illinois , where 542 million pumpkins were grown this year .
If you are looking for more notice , call Tim and Susan Mathisdon in Napa , California , and try to carve their 922 kg pumpkin .
Royal Bank of Scotland will create an internal bad bank with £ 38 billion ( € 45 billion ) of riskiest assets , a measure designed to relax its relations with London and accelerate its reprivatisation .
The bank wants to reduce the proportion of doubtful assets in its balance sheet from 55 % to 70 % in the next two years and hopes to have completely cleaned it within three years .
RBS also stated that it would make a provision for the further depreciation of doubtful debts of £ 4 to £ 4.5 billion in the quarter , a write - up linked to the construction of the cantonment structure .
RBS also stated that this internal restructuring would free up between £ 10 billion and £ 11 billion in capital , thus enhancing its lending capacity .
The bank and London pointed out that the " bad bank " would make it possible to draw a line from the past , as the government was in particular accused of interfering in the management of RBS .
" We can now move forward , worry about the future and about the 90 % of the assets that make up a truly good bank and build a big bank for customers and the UK , " said new Director - General Ross McEwan to the press .
Land Rover announces sponsorship of a series of rallys
The interior has 6-point seat and harness seat belts , as well as an Intercom system .
Options include improved brakes , access to Bowler Works mechanics , logistics support and vehicle storage between events .
Drew Bowler , the executive director of Bowler Motorsport said , " The fans of rallying to Bowler have changed . "
Not all of them are experienced , some seek excitement and adventure and realistic access to international events .
We are very pleased to offer such an approach in partnership with Land Rover and the MSA , and we are confident that it will be a new way to try at various forms of rallying in the UK and internationally , and to prepare for the rigours and realities of the raids .
We had a lot of fun developing the Defender Challenge vehicle - the championship is really going to be exciting . "
In addition , the Defender Challenge will offer a training and testing day in February and the opportunity to participate in events in the deserts of North Africa and the Middle East .
The firefighters were called to rescue a lost puppy after staying 15 m above the ground on an unstable cornice in a quarry .
Ruby , a spanish cocker , escaped after a serious road accident
She was found three days later by a person walking her dog in her career .
The firefighters recalled along the cliff to recover the dog and save her from a certain death
A puppy was lucky to escape at worst after the firefighters were called to safely recover it while it was perched 15 m above the ground on the unstable cliff protrusion .
Ruby , a 9-month - old spanish cocker , escaped after a road accident on Sunday afternoon and survived for only three days before being rescued into a career on Wednesday .
His owners , Scott Alderson , age 25 , and his girlfriend Becky Hall , age 20 , travelled to Flappit 's career in Denholme , West Yorkshire , to find Ruby and thanked the West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service .
They had desperately searched for their dogs and made a call to social network sites after she disappeared in the career following an unserious accident .
At about 2:15 pm on Wednesday , a sharp - sighted person walking his dog spotted Ruby on a cornice in the quarry , trapped 15 m above the ground .
A technical rescue team from the Cleckheaton fire hall rushed to the scene and recalled to save Ruby using an animal stretcher to transport it to the top of the cliff .
Technical Relief Specialist Andy Clayton said , " She was in a precarious situation . "
It was in the middle of the cliff , 15 m from the top and 15 m from the ground .
She did not move anyway during the rescue - she was frozen .
But it is now going well .
She ate cookies afterwards .
It was a very unusual call .
It is incredible that someone has noticed the dog .
Technical Relief Specialist Peter Lau said , " Ruby was very fortunate to get out of it . "
She could have been seriously injured or worse .
Ruby was taken to the veterinarian for control ; his general condition was satisfactory , apart from exhaustion and dehydration .
Miss Hall of Halifax , West Yorkshire , said , " I was terrified by watching the rescue . "
First , I did not think it was up there .
It was surprising to have it in the arms again .
The veterinarian said that if she had been too exhausted and had fainted , she would probably have fallen .
The firefighters were amazing .
What they did was really courageous .
We are so grateful to them , each of them has been absolutely great .
Mr. Alderson of Keighley added , " We were afraid she fell but she did not move . "
The firefighters were super .
I can not believe that she was there .
Mick Jagger says he never dredged Katy Perry when she was 18 .
In an interview on an Australian radio show this week , the pop star said she was a choirist on Jagger 's song " Old Habits Die Hard " in 2004 .
Perry said he had dinner with the rock veteran and explained , " he dredged me when I was 18 . "
She added , " It was a long time ago , and he was very nice . "
In a statement on Thursday , a 70-year - old Jagger representative stated that he " categorically denies having made advances to Katy Perry " .
The representative added : " Maybe it confuses it with someone else . "
Perry was one of the singers to appear on the Rolling Stones tour this year .
His new album , " Prism " , released in first place this week .
Beijing calls into question a Turkmen Islamic movement
" Behind - the - scenes support for the attack came from the East Turkestan Islamic Movement based in Central and Western Asia , " said the boss of the Chinese security agencies to a television station in Hong Kong , according to a video posted on a website on Thursday night .
Meng Jianzhu , who is a member of the Political Bureau of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) , spoke in Tashkent during an official visit to Uzbekistan .
This is the first time that a Chinese official has appointed a particular organization after the Monday attack .
According to the Chinese police , three Uighurs from the same family in the Muslim - dominated Xinjiang region , bordering several Central Asian countries , rushed their cars loaded with petrol cans against the entry of the Forbidden City in Beijing , in a suicide attack that killed two people and injured 40 .
The driver of the car , his wife and his mother died in the car fire .
The Etim , who claims to fight for the independence of East Turkestan , the former name of Chinese Xinjiang , was classified by the United Nations in 2002 as an Al Qaeda member organization .
This movement is often designated by the Chinese authorities as responsible for sporadic disturbances in Xinjiang , but its real influence is questioned by several experts .
George Kerevan : The break - up of Europe gives the Scots the choice
Another day , another worrying history of independence .
This time , we are told that an independent Scotland would be obliged to join the European area of free movement in order to be able to join the EU .
And now we hear passport control stories in Berwick and a border of barbed wire along the Hadrian Wall .
While it is true that Strathclyde 's newspaper indicated the possible economic benefits of greater freedom of movement with the rest of Europe , this was not in the headlines ( and that was to be expected ) .
Nor has anyone said that the EU Member States spend a great deal of their time bypassing their formal rules when they do .
Since Scotland is not part of the Schengen area at the moment , continuing non - compliance with the rules would be a small concession that Brussels could offer in return for all it wants to obtain from the Scots .
So it is a story that is not one .
And a story so old that it is now frozen : I heard for the first time the board that " independence means passport control " more than 40 years ago .
Yet an interesting point has been forgotten in this interpretation of an old dust story .
Why should an independent Scotland follow Europe 's instructions , in fact ?
Why exchange the Yoke of London against the Yoke of Brussels , especially now ?
Here is the real news about Europe : the great post - war plan to unify Europe is definitely stalled .
With the euro crisis , Project Europe was officially dead .
Throughout Europe , parties that oppose the EU or advocate the abandonment of the euro as a common currency are gaining ground .
Even in Germany , the Euroskeptic Party Alternative for Germany , founded only this year and arrived nowhere , gathered almost five million votes in the September federal elections and removed the Liberal Democratic Party ( equivalent to our Liberals - Democrats ) from the Bundestag .
There has always been national opposition to the idea of creating a federal Europe .
However , the current economic crisis has been a turning point .
The austerity imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank , combined with the sluggishness of national economies through the accession to the single currency , has led many to believe that Project Europe has gone too far .
The euro crisis has little to do with national governments with excessive fiscal deficits - this was true only for Greece .
The European system has instead influenced its members with exchange rates favourable to German exporters - what German politicians want to keep .
Without the possibility of a devaluation of the national currency , the countries of southern Europe find themselves with an intrinsic productivity problem vis - à - vis Germany .
The only recourse is to make dark cuts in wages and public spending - encouraged by Berlin .
Beyond the current fiscal and monetary problems , there is a deeper unease of productivity in Europe .
As a result of the ' green ' energy policies imposed by Brussels - which are a reason to subsidise the French and German companies in the energy sector at the cost of the consumer - European industry pays twice as much for electricity and four times more for gas than the US .
This is a redhibitory cost disadvantage , as we have already seen in Grangemouth .
Not every wage freeze in the world will prevent the European petrochemical industry from being penalised by cheap US shale gas .
As a result , the revolt is growing , particularly in France , one of the EU 's leading leaders .
After the war , the French political elite saw the EU as a way of controlling Germany and putting Paris on an equal footing with Washington .
But Berlin no longer needs Paris as a passport for its political legitimacy and has imposed its own economic policy in Europe , leaving the French economy undermined .
As a result , Marine Le Pen 's extreme right party , the Anti - European National Front , has just won a crucial by - election , returning the socialists to power in third place .
The Front National is now the most popular party in France with 24 % of the vote - a timely warning for the British Labour Party that it can not assume that a right - wing split will automatically favour the left .
What does Marine Le Pen do with its new popularity with the French white working class ?
It wants to use next year 's European elections to create a single and anti - European anti - money bloc in the European Parliament .
If the anti - European parties are successful in these elections , which is very possible , such a bloc could control the European Parliament for the first time .
That is what I think : very soon , the anti - European and single anti - money feeling in Europe will unify and eventually kill the euro .
The EU will not disappear , but it will come back to something more like the free " Europe of ( sovereign ) Nations " favoured by General de Gaulle .
Germany and some of its satellite economies could keep the euro , but France and southern Europe will find their own currency .
I expect the United Kingdom to distance itself from this project , and I hope that it will make a mild eye in the United States .
However , Washington 's growing interest in the Pacific suggests that Britain will be left out of the Atlantic .
And Scotland , in all that ?
We can decide to be a small part of England ( essentially ) .
Or we can defend our own economic interests , which includes sending to Berlin and Brussels .
I believe that Scotland could live up to a freer European agreement if we keep our own motto .
Cooperation with other like - minded countries would be easier in a non - federal Europe of Nations .
Otherwise , we should imitate Norway and maintain our economic independence .
The Scottish SNP government is - and this is to be noted - the most successful anti - austerity political movement in Europe , having won a spectacular majority in 2011 based on its opposition to the dark cuts proposed ( and implemented ) by the Labour Chancellor , Alistair Darling , and the ensuing Conservative / Liberal - Democrat coalition .
It would now be ridiculous for Scotland to vote for independence if it were to accept the austerity imposed by Berlin and Brussels .
Early Puberty : Ageing Earlier
Studies show that African - American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the age of puberty earlier than white girls .
Physical changes do not mean that puberty is imminent
There is no evidence that hormones or other chemicals are responsible .
Experts believe that the obesity epidemic could be a trigger for early puberty
The trend towards early puberty is not as pronounced among boys
The former CNN correspondent Pat Etheridge is a journalist specializing in family and child health issues .
Should a mother worry if her daughter 's breasts and pubic hairs start to grow at 7 or 8 years of age ?
Dr. Paul Kaplowitz , a pedo - endocrinologist , explained at this week 's annual conference of the American Academy of Pediatrics in Orlando , Florida that these early physical changes are quite common among young American women and represent a new standard .
" I spend a lot of time reassuring parents - generally , it does not indicate a rapid shift to full puberty , " said Kaplowitz .
Evident signs of development , such as budding of the breasts , hairs under the arms and in the pubic zone , and body odours , appear earlier in girls .
But there has only been a slight advance in the age of the first rules over the past four decades .
In the United States , the average age is 12 and a half , compared to 12 years of age three - quarters in 1970 .
" Once the chest has begun to grow , it takes at least two or three years before the first rules appear , " said Kaplowitz , also the author of " Early Puberty in Girls : The Essential Guide to Coping with This Common Problem " .
Time is the most accurate test for how puberty will evolve .
There is a debate about what constitutes the real appearance of puberty , but it is considered to be " early " when the development of the breast is accompanied by sudden growth before the age of 8 .
In most cases , development slows down or stops - this is something that a pediatrician can follow closely .
Faster evolution may justify endocrinologist tests to avoid serious problems such as tumours or cysts .
There are treatments to delay the onset of the first rules and prevent other consequences : premature aging of the bones that can slow growth and a small size in adulthood .
Recommendations for drug and hormonal treatment are based on the age of the child , developmental rate , growth rate , and emotional maturity .
Psychosocial aspects are also important .
Kaplowitz is cautious with medications , but recognizes that " controlling puberty can reduce some behavioural problems and the feeling that girls are different from others . "
The other big problem is understandable : parents simply do not want their very young girls to have their rules .
" They are afraid of the risk of pregnancy or even the way they manage hygiene , " said Kaplowitz .
" It was a shock , " recalls a woman whose daughter had her first rules at 10 .
Even if there were signs and we had talked about the rules , it was not emotionally prepared .
She returned from the scared school and was upset to be the first of her friends .
There are many public theories about the causes of early puberty .
However , there is no consistent theory that hormones in milk or other foods , chemicals in the environment , or sexual messages in the media are responsible .
Boys , like girls , get puberty earlier .
Kaplowitz argues that the most credible hypothesis is the obesity epidemic .
He participated in a study of girls aged 6 - 9 that links the percentage of fat to puberty .
Other findings support this conclusion , but there are many other influential factors .
In that country , African - American and Hispanic girls tend to reach the age of puberty earlier than white girls .
There are various explanations .
Globally , the mechanisms of early puberty appear to be influenced by everything from economic conditions , to genes , to climate .
Another problem is that , although boys have hair on the face and in the younger pubic area , the trend towards true early puberty is not as pronounced as for girls .
Other physicians attending the PAA conference emphasized the complexity of the topic .
Acne and pubic hairs are common even in infants and toddlers .
" We must be cautious about how we identify the true appearance of puberty , " said Dr. Lawrence Silverman , a pedo - endocrinologist working at the Goryeb Children 's Hospital in Morristown , New Jersey .
Parents should not hesitate to seek advice from their pediatricians on how to speak with their child .
" It may mean having a conversation earlier than expected , " Kaplowitz said .
If you remain calm , your child will react well in general .
Girls with early puberty need to be reassured that , even when it happens earlier than expected , the process is part of life .
Honouring the Folk of Brothers Coen
" Inside Llewyn Davis " of the Coen brothers , Grand Prix of the last Cannes Festival , is a nostalgic and fun film on the Greenwich village of 1961 and folk music that just began to resonate , before Bob Dylan arrived .
Joel and Ethan Coen , whose filmagography had just been the subject of a retrospective at the French Cinematheque , had swallowed the Palme d'or at Cannes in 1991 for Barton Fink .
Without the ability to hire Dylan or the Peter trio , Paul and Mary , Joel and Ethan Coen threw their devolution on the rising American film star , Oscar Isaac , 33 , but also on the pop pop star Justin Timberlake .
In this humorous film , where music is a central figure and live songs , Oscar Isaac reveals an accomplished folk musician and singer , while Timberlake , his friend in the film , leaves the pop for folk music with a contagious jubilation .
As for Carey Mulligan , she left Daisy Mulligan 's rich towers in " Gatsby the Magnificent " for less relaxing clothes , a soft voice when she sings , but the juron debited to the machine gun when she speaks .
" Inside Llewyn Davis " tells a week about the tribulations of a folk singer who fails to pierce and gets angry with the whole earth .
He accepts the replacement at the raised foot in the studios .
Without accommodation , he toured the sofas of his friends who still wanted to receive him .
An Air of Documentary
" His relationship with success is tortured , it was this that interested us : a mixture of misfortune , a guy who is not there at the right time , who is not careerist but integral , with self - destructive behaviour , " said Ethan Coen , crowned with his brother Joel of several Oscars and prizes in Cannes .
If Llewyn Davis did not exist , the two folk music fans built their story on real personalities of the time , such as folk musician Dave Von Ronk .
The idea was to show the moment before the advent of Greenwich village , this New York neighbourhood called to become " the epicentre of the development of folk music that would generate international stars " , as written by journalist Elijah Wald , friend of Van Ronk .
The film then looks like a documentary , a dusty music label invaded with 33 unsold Ts inhabited by an old , unpayable secretary , the musical choices of the studios of the time and the cafés where the singers performed .
The magic of the Coen brothers still works by integrating a funny character that runs through the film permanently : a magnificent red cat with a cracking eye , a fortune companion of Llewyn Davis .
Asked about the way he composed his character , the actor and singer Justin Timberlake recalled having " grown up in Tennessee , bathed by blues and country " .
" My first music lessons were given to me by my grandfather who taught me to play guitar , " he added .
For Justin Timberlake , if the work is necessary to " be considered good " , " chance can also start someone 's career " , and " increasingly today " .
Like Llewyn Davis , who refuses to compromise on her music , the star pop explains that in a career , " the most important thing is not to be trapped by everything that can prevent us from speaking . "
Gérard de Villiers , the author of " SAS " , died .
He never knew the word retirement .
The French edition phenomenon , Gérard de Villiers , who died on Thursday at the age of 83 , had just published its 200th SAS , " La Vengeance du Kremlin " .
In February , the New York Times devoted him to " the author of spy novels who knew too much " .
He spent 10 days in Afghanistan , theatre of the 198 and 199 opus of the famous series of spy novels .
Decreased physically by a very serious heart accident in December 2010 , he was travelling on this trip with a walker .
Before Afghanistan , he also left in Libya , Russia , Lebanon and Mali .
Gérard de Villiers , born on December 8 , 1929 in Paris , ignored the exact number of books sold since 1965 and the publication of " SAS à Istanbul " , the first of the series , almost half a century ago .
" Probably between 120 million and 150 million countries across the board , " he said last March .
His Burmese cat on his knees , in the lounge of his huge apartment in a building on Foch Avenue , just a few steps from the Arc de Triomphe , the malicious eye under his white hair , he cited some of the languages in which SAS adventures were translated : Italian , German , Russian , Greek , Japanese or Korean .
" Not to mention pirate editions , " he added , designating a pile of books on the bottom table between bronzes or ivories from the 130 countries surveyed to locate his novels .
For the price of a pack of cigarettes , the reader is entitled to the traditional cover with the photo of a young woman in the advantageous chest , wearing a pistol or an assault rifle .
Inside , his Serene Highness ( SAS ) Prince Malko Linge , a dislodged Austrian aristocrat and CIA contractual agent to pay for the repairs of the family castle , goes to the kits of all the evil earth , communist of the 1970s and 1980s , and then jihadist from the 1990s .
In every book , the same recipe : a great dose of geopolitics and exoticism , a few scenes of hard sex , a zest of violence and torture .
" I never claimed to be a literary author , " explains Gérard de Villiers .
I see myself as a storyteller who writes to distract people to whom I do not send a message .
He was working " like the great pre - war reporters , like Albert London , who went there and returned with real and long investigations " .
SAS 's father said " do a kind of geopolitical slip " .
" I am always my files ( Afghanistan , Syria , ... ) before I left , " added Gérard de Villiers .
On the spot , I meet journalists , including the AFP , diplomats , people in the services I have known to some for twenty or thirty years .
As a result , many of his SASs are often premonitorial : for example , a month before the attack on a Syrian regime command centre , which killed several senior officials , he had told the story in " The Damascus Road " .
In " Les Fous de Benghazi " , he was the first to reveal the existence of a secret CIA command centre in that city , the cradle of the Libyan revolt .
In 1980 , he staged the assassination of Egyptian President Anouar El - Sadat in " The Cairo Plot " a year before the attack .
In October 2012 , in " Panic in Bamako " , he recounted the 4X4 columns of jihadists who founded on the Malian capital .
I am not a guess , defended Gérard de Villiers , I simply make assumptions from countries I know well and , from time to time , some of my hypotheses are realized .
After travels to often troubled areas , he moved for a month behind his IBM margarite typewriter from 1976 " all parts of which were changed " .
300 pages later , he wrote the word " FIN " and corrected each page to the pen .
The walls of his office are hung up with AK-47 assault rifles , erotic photos and photographs of the author with African warlords .
Gérard de Villiers , who was regularly pinned on machism by feminist leagues and on racism by human rights organizations , ruled out these accusations in two sentences .
Some women are sex objects in my books , but others are beautiful , intelligent and courageous women .
I am always well received in Africa , where I have a very large number of readers .
Gérard de Villiers said : " Malko Linge , like all heroes , is not old " .
He will not die and will not retire .
Nor do I .
Aircraft quarrel the width of seats while large controls are at stake
The dispute among major aircraft manufacturers over the width of tourist class seats on long - haul flights is raging , paving the way for a bitter confrontation at the Dubai air show , which takes place in the months .
The dispute is over the width of the seats offered on long - haul flights to economy class passengers - which are not always the most courted by the airlines , but where the space allocated is essential to increase the efficiency gains in the last aircraft presented by Airbus SAS and Boeing Co.
This week , Airbus called on the aviation industry to put in place a standard of at least 18 inches ( 45.72 cm ) seat size in the economy class , but its great American rival Boeing says it should be up to the airlines to decide .
The dispute broke out as the aircraft sought to sell even larger versions of their two - engine long - haul aircraft , possibly hoping for a record command at the November 17 - 21 event .
The way in which the seats will be placed at the rear of the aircraft - in particular , will there be 9 or 10 front seats - is essential to the economic performance of the " mini - jumbo " segment .
Boeing states that its redeveloped " 777X " will be able to accommodate 406 persons in economy class seats over 17 inches wide , and will be configured with 10 seats per row .
Airbus indicates that the competing version of its A350 will carry 350 persons in economy class in 18-inch wide seats configured in 9 rows .
Aeronautical giants often exchange beats on technical issues by advertising in the professional press .
Today , Airbus calls the public directly before the Dubai air show , where the 777X should take precedence over its competitors with more than 100 orders .
Recently , we were able to see what might be the start of a new advertising war , with the presentation to the financers of a photo showing three people against each other in the restaurant , entitled " Would you accept that ? "
" Boeing offers long - haul flights in narrower seating than in regional turboprop aircraft , " said John Leahy , Airbus ' commercial manager .
As eating habits change , people are getting bigger , but aircraft seats have not changed dramatically .
Between the early 1970s , when Boeing 's Jumbo 747 defined modern long - haul travel , and the turn of the century , the average American weight from 40 to 49 years of age increased by 10 % , according to data from the U.S. Department of Health .
The average American waist circumference in the 21st century is 39.7 inches , according to US health statistics .
Airbus states that its rival clings to a siege concept that dates back to the 1950s , when the circumference of the new jet set was narrower .
Airbus adds that it has commissioned a study which indicates that an additional inch in the width of the seats would improve sleep quality by 53 % .
Boeing challenges Airbus 's figures with respect to the width of the seats and asserts that it is not up to the manufacturers to decide how the airlines balance the price of the tickets and the equipment .
He also states that the study shows that cabin experience does not depend solely on the width of the seats .
" It 's really a matter of providing the airlines with flexibility and allowing them to do what they think they need to do to carry out their business , " said Kent Craver , who is responsible for Boeing 's passenger satisfaction .
They do not want to be told what will allow them to be profitable .
They know their business better than anyone .
For passengers , it is more a matter of having some freedom of movement , but for suppliers , it is more and more an issue that could affect their results .
Behind the dispute is an airplane ordering race for an estimated $ 700 billion or more in the market price in the decades to come , sufficient to tip the balance of US and European exports .
As Reuters first indicated in July , seat configuration is exactly what feeds the battle between the last aircraft .
Both Airbus and Boeing claim a performance per seat in their latest long - haul twin engine models 20 % higher than the market leader in this segment , the 365-seat Boeing 777 - 300ER .
Boeing 's announced performance depends in part on the comparison of the 777X configured with 10 seats per row and a 777 model configured in rows of 9 .
The unit cost gain is small compared to the device configured with 10 seats per row currently in service .
" Boeing is doing this to be able to scratch more seats and make its aircraft more competitive with our products , " said Kevin Keniston , director of Confort Passenger at the European airplane Airbus .
On the other hand , analysts say that cabins configured with 10 seats per row in the existing 777 suggest that many passengers are in favour of a denser configuration , which can go hand in hand with cheaper fares .
" An 18-inch seat width would be perfect for passengers , but the reality is that , from a commercial point of view , Airbus 's proposal is motivated by the threat of the 777 , " said cabin expert Mary Kirby , founder and editor of Runway Girl Network .
Airbus and Boeing do not provide seats , but offer a catalogue of suppliers from which airlines must choose .
Aircraft vendors who travel around the world even take a metre away to check competing configurations .
While venturing to offer comfortable aircraft , all manufacturers also offer high - density aircraft configurations to low - cost airlines and regional travel .
Airbus offers a configured A350 with 10 seats per row but indicates that it has not yet sold it .
Until recently , Airbus stressed the need for greater cabin customization by offering wider aisle seating on some of its aircraft .
Without the support of the only other major manufacturer of modern large aircraft , the experts say it is unlikely that his call to the aviation industry to put in place a size standard for the seats , but that he could forget the 777X sales wave .
Oracle shareholders irritated by Ellison 's salary
A majority of Oracle shareholders voted on Thursday against the compensation proposal for the founder and general manager Larry Ellison , in view of his group 's financial performance .
The vote is not binding , but it tarnishes the image of Larry Ellison , the third world fortune to have just won his boat at the America Cup .
The billion still owns 25 % of the capital of the software group that it co - founded 40 years ago .
Last year , Ellison had had a negative vote on her earnings .
Oracle 's boss forgot a $ 1.2 million bonus for the fiscal year 2013 that ended in May because of the poor performance of the group , which missed its growth targets , but received about $ 77 million in stock options .
His fixed salary is only a symbolic dollar .
Oracle 's net income rose by 3.5 per cent over the lateness of 2013 , while the stock market surged by 27.5 per cent , surpassing the 24 per cent S&P-500 index at the same time .
The new nicotine vaccine could suppress the pleasure of smoking
Scientists have developed a nicotine vaccine that could suppress the pleasure of smoking a cigarette .
A single dose of the vaccine was able to protect mice from nicotine dependence for life .
Further testing is required before human trials begin , but Professor Ronald Crystal of Weill Cornell Medical College in New York has said the first signs are encouraging .
" We really hope that this kind of vaccine strategy can help millions of smokers who have tried to quit , exhausting all the methods now available on the market , but find that their addiction is strong enough to overcome these different approaches , " said Professor Cornell .
The new vaccine contains a harmless virus that has been modified to carry the genetic information necessary to develop anti - nicotine antibodies .
The virus selectively infects liver cells , which then begins to produce a regular flow of antibodies .
The antibodies track all nicotine molecules in the blood system and neutralize them before they reach the brain , thus preventing the smoker from having a dose of nicotine .
In the tests , vaccinated mice who were then given nicotine continued their normal activity .
But mice that had not been vaccinated " were soothing , " researchers said , indicating that nicotine had reached their brain .
Experiments are described in the journal Science Translational Medicine .
Previous tobacco vaccines proved ineffective because they contained antibodies .
Injections had to be repeated so frequently to keep antibody levels high that they were too expensive and impractical .
But the cost of the new vaccine should be much lower as it transforms liver cells into antibody plants .
Professor Crystal stated that if the future vaccine for human use is completely safe , it could be given to children before they are tempted to try a cigarette , which would prevent nicotine addiction .
But it is more likely to be used by smokers who want to quit .
" They will know that if they start smoking again , they will not enjoy it because of the nicotine vaccine , and it can help them lose their bad habit , " he added .
British scientists have said the results are interesting , but have pointed out that much more research is needed .
The leader of the Pakistani Taliban killed by a UAV
The leader of the Pakistani Taliban movement , Hakimullah Mehsud , was killed in an American drone strike on Friday in Pakistan , it was learned from the security services .
The death of Hakimullah Mehsud has been announced several times in the past .
But intelligence , army and activist leaders said this time he lost his life in the North Waziristan strike .
" We can confirm that Hakimullah Mehsud was killed in a drone fire , " said a senior security official .
The previous day , the Pakistani Prime Minister , Nawaz Sharif , on his trip to London , informed the British Government that discussions had begun with the Thrik e Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) , the Pakistani Taliban movement .
Tripodi denies being influenced by Obeid
The former Labour Minister of New South Wales Joe Tripodi will be investigated by the state anti - corruption regulator .
Former New South Wales Minister Joe Tripodi denied changing the commercial lease policy at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid , who had hidden interests in three properties in the government - controlled area .
On Friday , the Independent Commission Against Corruption ( ICAC ) expanded its investigation to determine whether Mr. Obeid had put pressure on several State ministers to renew his leases in Circular Quay , where the Obeids own two restaurants and one coffee , after their expiry in August 2005 , without a call for tenders .
She now investigates the allegations that Mr. Tripodi was aware of Mr. Obeid 's secret interest in these properties , following the testimony of Mr. Tripodi 's former Assistant Secretary General , Lynne Ashpole , on Thursday .
During the years of discussion in 2005 , the government lobbied for leases to be tendered .
The tenants were opposed and also wanted longer periods .
In 2009 , the leases for Circular Quay companies , which paid Obeid about $ 2.5 million a year , were renewed without a call for tenders .
Tripodi , who was Minister of Ports from February 2006 to November 2009 , was initially in favour of the call for tenders .
But he denied having changed his policy at the request of Mr. Obeid , who , Mr. Tripodi acknowledged , called for a change in government policy on leases .
The transcript of telephone conversations presented to ICAC showed calls made in August and September 2007 between Mr. Obeid , Mr. Tripodi and Steve Dunn , a senior official who had arrived at the Department of Ports after working under Mr. Obeid 's direction at the Department of Fisheries .
" Was the subject debated in these telephone conversations the development of the policy on commercial leases ? "
" No , " Mr. Tripodi said .
I do not remember what we discussed , but in any case it was not .
In any case , certainly not between me and Mr Obeid .
Israeli warplanes target Syria , says
Israeli warplanes hit a target in the Syrian port city of Latakia on Thursday night , confirms a military official in Fox News .
The person in charge did not specify the target , but said there was at least one .
The Associated Press reports that the target was Russian - made missiles SA-125 .
At least twice this year , Israel has carried out air strikes against missile shipments in Syria .
Foreign workers in possession of a 457 visa may have to pass a " authenticity " test .
The Government is currently considering the possibility of setting up a " authenticity test " for foreign workers in possession of a 457 visa , while it plans to extend enforcement measures .
The test , if adopted , would be applied according to a criterion designed to prevent 457 visas from being used for unskilled positions or as a diversion to bring family and friends to Australia .
A government discussion paper was unveiled today , when Labour MP Maxine McKew denounced the government speech on foreign workers , saying he could offend Australia 's neighbours .
" The disgraceful statements about the ' strangers returning to the end of the line ' and ' jobs for Australians first ' are an unpleasant return to a time when unions were asking for a sheltered labour market , " she said to the Australia India Institute today .
Historically , this meant that white work had to be protected - and I would not be surprised if some countries in the region saw it as an echo to that historical artifact .
The discussion paper outlines the 12 measures that had previously been considered by former Minister of Immigration Chris Bowen .
Minister of Immigration Brendan O'Connor , who was in Sri Lanka to meet with senior officials to discuss human trafficking , implemented five of the recommended changes , the others being under review .
If the criterion of " authenticity " was adopted , a visa applicant could be checked to determine " whether the job offer is genuine in the case where the applicant is a relationship or personal partner of the owner or of the person concerned within the company which sponsors him " .
Companies may also be required to report the number of 457 visa holders after some of them , having intended to sponsor a small number of workers , actually employed hundreds of them .
In the meantime , a 35-year - old Sri Lankan asylum - seeker would have died from a heart attack after arriving on a ship carrying asylum - seekers to Christmas Island this week .
The man 's 9-year - old son was travelling to Australia with him and has found some comfort since his father 's death on Wednesday with an adult cousin who was also on board .
The man was urgently transferred by the Australian authorities to the hospital on Christmas Island , where he died .
A study was launched by the British government to increase the benefits of the HS2 rail project for Scotland .
HS2 Ltd 's work suggests that high - speed services to Scotland and northern England will start from the beginning of Phase 1 in 2026 .
Baroness Kramer 's Transport Minister said the project would " bring the UK together " .
Scottish Transport Minister Keith Brown said he was " excited " about working with the British government on the project .
Phase 1 will cover a new high - speed rail line between London and the West Midlands .
When Phase 2 is completed , the lines will serve Manchester and Leeds .
In June , the government increased the estimated cost of constructing the high - speed link between London and northern England from £ 32.7 billion to £ 42.6 billion .
The British government , which is in talks with Transport Scotland , has asked HS2 Ltd to study the enhancement of rail capacity and the improvement of travel time for northern England and Scotland .
This must include the possibility of travel time between Glasgow and Edinburgh for up to three hours .
Baroness Kramer said , " Our goal for HS2 is a truly national network that will bring the UK and its cities closer . "
We are pushing forward the HS2 project because its benefits are enormous .
Without it , we are facing a problem with the capacity of our rail network .
But it is also a matter of developing connectivity between the 18 major British cities , including Glasgow and Edinburgh , so that links between them are better thanks to HS2 .
" Today 's announcement is good news for Scotland . "
For the Scottish government , Keith Brown called on Mr. Carmichael to " unequivocally " support the inclusion of Scotland in the HS2 network .
" The high - speed train has the potential to offer Scotland considerable economic benefits , but it also brings the economic weight of Scotland into the overall high - speed rail network project throughout Britain . "
" So we are excited to work in partnership with the British government to explore options to bring the high - speed train network to Scotland , creating an advantage for everyone and completing the Glasgow - Edinburgh line that the Scottish government is already planning . "
" I look forward to reading the review report with British ministers next year , and we will then jointly decide on the next steps . "
The rules for the use of electronic devices on board remain in force in Australia for the time being .
Australian air passengers will need to continue to turn off their shelves and smartphones during take - off and landing in the face of the US move to relax electronic device regulations .
The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration has left the door open for U.S. carriers to change their procedures so that passengers can read e - books , watch videos or play games on their aircraft during critical flight phases provided they are in " air " mode .
Passengers can already do so for most of the flight , but many people find it difficult not to access their e - books during take - off and landing .
Australian carriers are reviewing the decision that requires U.S. carriers to do significant work to meet the requirements , but have indicated that they do not intend to change their procedures immediately .
The Civil Aviation Safety Authority also stated that it was reviewing the announcement , but noted that restrictions on the use of electronic devices during critical flight phases were still in effect in Australia .
" CASA does not have specific regulations for the use of electronic aircraft , " she said .
The issue is the subject of regulations requiring aircraft operators to ensure that safety is maintained on an ongoing basis and passengers to comply with the safety instructions given by crew members .
Virgin , who has already told CASA of its intention to extend the use of its on - board entertainment system using Wi - Fi technology , was open to change , but stated that it would follow the regulator .
" We would welcome a CASA revision that would allow the use of electronic devices because we really think it would improve the client experience now that we have ( the onboard entertainment system using Wi - Fi technology ) on our aircraft , " said a spokesperson .
Qantas stated that it is currently in compliance .
" In accordance with our current policy , electronic devices can not be used during take - off and landing , and we do not intend to change this immediately , " she said .
The FAA decision applies to American airlines .
However , we are still interested in the regulatory developments that could benefit passengers , and we will look closely at the FAA decision and the reasons for it .
For U.S. carriers , the impact of the decision will vary from airline to airline and will depend on the age of their fleet .
Carriers will be required to demonstrate that their aircraft can tolerate radio interference from electronic devices , as well as review manuals , training materials , carry - on baggage programs and instructions to passengers .
" As soon as an airline has verified the tolerance of its fleet , it can allow passengers to use light portable electronic devices , such as shelves , e - book readers and smartphones at all altitudes , " said the FAA .
In rare cases of low visibility , the crew will ask passengers to turn off their aircraft during landing .
The group also recommended that heavier aircraft be safely stored under the seats or in the upper compartments during take - off and landing .
Pia : at least four injured in a violent fight
Pia 's small town has experienced an unusual excess of fever on Thursday evening .
Three gendarmerie vehicles , two ambulances and a group of some 30 people according to the testimonies of ...
On Halloween Day , the evening was shaken on the side of Pia , where a rice involving several people broke out on the side of the Post .
At least four light casualties were reported .
Alerted , the gendarmes visited the area to separate the belligerents and to ensure that the wounded were taken care of .
Singapore 's pledge lenders benefit from middle - class belt tightness
At a pledged lender at the Bendemeer shopping centre in Singapore , Janani Amirthalinga deposits a bracelet , a ring and a pair of gold earrings to pay for her daughters ' tuition fees .
" My husband and I have just bought a house so all my money left , " says Amirthalinga .
Although she earns $ 3,000 from Singapore ( $ 2,400 ) a month as an administrator and her husband is also working , she says monthly family income is not enough .
In fact , demand is so high in some parts of South - East Asia - where household debt is growing - that ValueMax , where it transacted , became this week the third pledging company to be introduced on the Singapore Stock Exchange .
Pledging jewellery is not only a quick way to get cash - $ 1,300 from Singapore in the case of Ms. Amirthalinga - but it is almost as cheap as unsecured bank loans .
In general , Singapore 's pledge lenders levy an annual effective interest rate of 17 per cent , just above the 15.4 per cent offered by the United Overseas Bank , a local lender with a branch in the same mall .
However , pledge lenders have the advantage of not asking for a credit check or proof of pay , and can unlock loans faster than banks .
As a result , millions of people across the region are looking to pledge lenders as families feel the pressure of rising costs of living and over - indebtedness for households and consumers .
After five years of solid growth since the global financial crisis , and cheap credit driven by overly lax monetary policy in advanced economies , low- and middle - income families look to pledge lenders to make up for the difference while their economies are slowing down .
This week , the Standard & Poor 's credit rating agency cited households ' growing indebtedness , mainly due to the rise in mortgages , as a risk factor for the creditworthiness of Asian banks .
It stated that Malaysia , Thailand and Singapore had the highest debt - to - GDP ratio in Asia .
Malaysia is at the top of the list with 80 per cent of GDP , up from 60 per cent in 2008 .
Economists are also concerned about the high level of consumer debt in Thailand , which has just emerged from a technical recession this week .
On Thursday , data showed a continued weakness in exports and a slowdown in consumer demand .
" The balance sheet is that with rising costs , people in the middle or the bottom [ of the wage scale ] are looking to supplement their incomes as they can , " says Song Seng Wun , an economist at CIMB , a Malaysian bank .
Historically high gold prices over the past two years have prompted people to pledge their personal belongings to touch the cash value of their jewellery .
In Singapore , about 70 per cent of the items in the 200 city - state pledge shops are gold .
People say , " the price of gold is high , let us pledge the grandmother 's gold chain and we 'll get it back next month . "
In Thailand , EasyMoney , the largest pledge shop operator , has seen a 20 % increase in the number of customers using its stores in recent months .
The increase is such that ValueMax , an operator of the Bendemeer and 15 other stores like this one in Singapore , plans to grow not only in neighbouring Malaysia - where it already has four stores - but also outside Asia , says Yeah Lee Ching , his general manager .
The company will finance them by using 60 % of Singapore 's $ 66 million raised this week at its introduction to the Singapore stock exchange .
While some low - rate lenders have been criticized for their exorbitant interest rates , Miss Yeah says pledging not only offers lower rates than other lenders , but also does not directly increase debt .
" Clients mortgage assets they already own , and monetizing their personal assets does not increase household debt , " she says .
Pledging is becoming more and more socially accepted as a means of securing guaranteed financing in the short term .
Nor are the people who go to pledge lenders just those who have financial problems .
The wealthy people of Singapore also go to ValueMax pledge shops to pledge gold ingots or Rolex watches , which can account for up to 60 % of their cash purchase price .
We see customers from all strata of society .
" It may be easy people who need to borrow in the short term for business or investment , or small businesses who need cash to spend a difficult time , " says Yeah .
Sometimes they just need money very quickly .
Shepherd accused of child pornography in Nova Scotia
A pastor who was caring for youth in the Halifax area of Nova Scotia is charged with child pornography .
Aaron Hudgins , aged 30 , was arrested on Friday morning following searches at his home and at the office of the National Research Council where he works .
The Baptist Church of Timberlay , where the pastor was official , is deeply saddened by this news .
In a press release , the church officials indicated that Mr. Hudgins had resigned from his position .
The pastor was released under conditions .
In particular , he should not communicate with persons under the age of 18 or access the Internet .
He will appear in provincial court in Halifax in December .
He went in Nazi uniforms to the supermarket , before being expelled
A man dressed in a Nazi uniform barred from a brassard with the gammy cross was asked to leave an English supermarket , as customers complained to the management of the institution that called the police , said the store on Friday .
" We received several complaints from customers , so we asked him to leave the store , " said a spokesman for the Asda supermarket chain .
The store called the police to rescue , but " the time it came , he had already left without slaver , " she added .
I was in the queue when I saw a woman who seemed upset .
People were mouthy .
" You do n't get out on the street unless you want to get attention , " said a 60-year - old client , Rosina Rusin , in Cambridge News .
This incident occurred on Thursday , Halloween Day , where it is customary to disguise itself as a monster , but it was difficult to know whether it was a hull .
A man from Cambridge claimed responsibility for this act on his account Twitter , where he posted images of Adolf Hitler .
" I have been wearing a black arm SS twice a week at Asda for three years , " said Paul Dutton , explaining " mental problems " .
$ 325 M Tasmania Health System Rescue Plan
The federal government maintains that the $ 325-million rescue plan for the vacant health care system is subject to strict conditions to ensure that the government does not waste funds .
Federal Health Minister Tanya Plibersek announced that the Commonwealth is taking " urgent action " to end a crisis caused by the aging island population , the high rate of chronic disease and the constraints of the system .
The four - year funding was decided after government consultations with the independent Member of Parliament for Tasmania , Andrew Wilkie .
" The government has proposed an emergency rescue plan that we believe will address the unique challenges facing the state , " said Ms. Plibersek today .
The $ 325 M plan includes a $ 31 M campaign for non - emergency surgical operations .
2,600 additional operations , including orthopaedic surgery and cataract surgery , will help to catch up .
Funding is also provided for the Hobart and Launceston no - call clinics , better outpatient care , training of medical professionals , mental health services and the deployment of electronic medical records systems to local hospitals .
" These investments respond to the idea that , according to front - line clinicians , this is the best way to care for Tasmania 's health care system , " said Ms. Plibersek .
The Minister stated that the government of Tasmania would face a strict reporting and accountability regime .
The state will need to maintain current funding levels in order to receive Commonwealth money and prepare monthly reports on areas where it spends the additional funds .
A three - person commission will be set up to ensure that the State provides the services in the most efficient and effective manner .
Mr. Wilkie said today that the $ 325 million will not count as much " unless they are followed by real reform to consolidate Tasmania 's public health system . "
However , he congratulated the Government for responding to its request for urgent assistance to the Prime Minister in early May.
" I hope that the federal aid plan will go a long way towards removing Tasmania 's public health system from the blacklist , " said Mr. Wilkie .
According to the State Government , these additional non - urgent procedures will largely reverse the recent cuts .
But opposition health spokesman Peter Dutton believes today 's announcement is " a fortune solution . "
" The reason we are here is that the state Labour government has withdrawn $ 430 million from its health care system , " he said on ABC TV .
One can not have a state government that is almost half a billion dollars and the Commonwealth that is $ 300 million , and claim that it is a day of faste .
Mr. Dutton visited Ms. Plibersek to ensure that no dollar in the rescue plan will be spent on extra bureaucracy .
Guillaume Nicloux 's adaptation of Denis Diderot 's novel boasts a remarkable artistic direction and a thorough reconstruction of time , but it is also more laborious than it should be .
Taking place in France in the 1760s , she tells the dark story of Suzanne , a young aristocrat sent to a convent by her family .
When she rebels , she faces the unlimited cruelty of a deliberately sadious Superior Mother and becomes an object of erotic fascination for another .
The film never pays into lubricity or sensationalism , and that is the problem .
The conscientious solemnity of the narrative could also become a penitentiary for the public .
Syria has destroyed its chemical weapons production capacity , says the monitoring agency
Syria destroyed equipment essential for the production of chemical weapons and ammunition filled with toxic gas , said the international chemical weapons monitoring agency on Thursday , when violent clashes were raging in the north of the country , near one of the sites where toxic agents were supposed to be stored .
A group of Syrian militants also said on Thursday that more than 120,000 people have been killed since the start of the civil war in the country almost three years ago .
The announcement by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ( OPCW ) arrived one day ahead of the deadline for the
1 November , as determined by the organization based in The Hague , ordering Damascus to destroy or " render unusable " all chemical weapons production units and machinery for mixing toxic gases and filling ammunition .
The completion of what is essentially the initial phase of destruction is an important step in the ambitious timetable to destroy Damascus 's chemical weapons by mid-2014 .
With the destruction of equipment , Syria will no longer be able to produce new chemical weapons .
However , Damascus still has to start the destruction of existing weapons and reserves .
It is estimated that the country has about 1,000 tons of chemical products and weapons , including mustard gas and the sarin neurotoxic agent .
The announcement was made when the fighting was raging on Thursday in the city of Safira , which , according to the experts , houses a chemical weapons production unit and storage sites , reported the Syrian Human Rights Observatory based in Great Britain .
The group of activists , who are following the human balance through a network of Syrian - based activists , said on Thursday that 120,296 people have died .
Of these , it is estimated that there were 61,067 civilians , including 6,365 children .
On the Government side , it is estimated that 29,954 members of the armed forces of President Bashar al - Assad were killed , of whom 18,678 were pro - Government fighters and 187 were Lebanese Hizbullah militants .
Of the deaths , it is also estimated that 2,202 were deserters and some 5,375 opposition fighters , many of whom were foreign .
On 25 July , the United Nations estimated that 100,000 people had died in the conflict since March 2011 .
It has not updated this figure since then .
Some 2 million people had to flee the country because of the conflict .
Al - Assad troops have been fighting against rebels , many of which have been linked to Al - Qa'ida groups in Safira for weeks .
The EUMC declared on Thursday that there were losses on both sides , but gave no details .
The fighting has underlined the importance of the dangers faced by chemical weapons inspectors as they complete their mission , which is to rid Syria of its toxic arsenal in the midst of an ongoing civil war , within a tight time frame .
A statement by OPCW , working closely with the United Nations , stated that its team was " now satisfied with the control - and destruction - of all declared critical production and the machines for mixing and filling " .
She added that " no further inspection is planned at this time " .
Earlier in the week , the inspectors reported that they had completed the first stage of the verification work , visiting 21 of the 23 sites declared by Damascus .
They were not able to visit the last two sites due to safety concerns , the inspectors said .
On Thursday , the OPCW said that the two sites were , according to Syria , " abandoned and ... that the elements of the chemical weapons programme they contain had been moved to other declared sites , which were inspected " .
It was difficult at first glance to know whether the Safira unit was one of the two sites that the OPCW inspectors could not visit .
Syria submitted a plan for the total destruction of its chemical weapons , which was approved the following month by the OPCW Executive Committee .
" I salute the moral strength and courage that you have all shown in the most difficult mission ever undertaken by this organization , " said Ahmet Uzumcu , Director General , in a comment published by the OPCW .
Now , in its third year , the civil war is mainly between Sunni Muslim rebels and the government of Assad and its security forces , which are supported by members of the Alawite sect , a branch of Shia Islam .
On the other hand , the Director of the Syrian Human Rights Observatory stated that there had been a large explosion on Wednesday at an air defence base in the Syrian coastal province of Latakia .
The cause of the explosion is unknown , he added .
Anger caused by the sentence of one of the Bali bombers
The survivors and relatives of the 202 people killed in the Bali bombings in 2002 reacted with anger to the sentence imposed on the last of the conspirators to be brought to justice , saying that Umar Patek should be shot by a platoon of execution .
Patek , who spent almost 10 years at large as one of the most wanted men in South - East Asia , was sentenced yesterday to 20 years ' imprisonment for his role in the manufacture of the explosive devices used in the attacks .
He could be released after 15 years on parole .
The 45-year - old was convicted of mass killing for the attacks on two nightclubs in Kuta 's popular tourist district , which killed 202 people , including 88 Australians , and injured many .
He was also convicted of many other charges in connection with terrorism , including a wave of attacks on churches throughout Indonesia on Christmas eve in 2000 .
The prosecutors requested a life sentence , yet they could have requested that the man , known as " Demolition Man " for his reputation as an expert in the manufacture of bombs , be sentenced to death .
The decision revived painful memories for June Corteen , a mother of Perth who lost her two 39-year - old binoculars , Jane and Jenny , in the destruction perpetrated by Patek and other conspirators almost 10 years ago .
On the verge of tears , she stated that Patek should have been sentenced to death .
I really think he should have followed the same path as other men .
" He should be dragged in front of the line platoon , " said Ms. Corteen to the PAA .
I have to live every day without other grandchildren , nor see my daughters .
The Sari Club was completely destroyed when a huge bomb , loaded in a van parked outside , exploded just after 2300 hours on 12 October 2002 .
Peter Hughes was in the Paddy 's Bar when a suicide bomber blasted a backpack with explosives just 20 seconds earlier .
He fell into the coma in the aftermath of the attack and remained unconscious for one month , and he was " dead " three times while under respiratory assistance .
Mr. Hugues stated that Patek should have had the same fate as the other three members of the terrorist cell of Jemaah Islamiyah responsible for the carnage -- Amrozi , Mukhlas and Imam Samudra -- who were executed four years ago .
In fact , he should have been sentenced to death before the others .
Keeping him alive , why there is no reason to keep him alive .
Spending 20 years in prison after killing 202 people and injuring hundreds more is not a lot .
Patek is the last of the Bali bombers to be brought to justice .
He had managed to avoid being captured for almost 10 years , but was finally arrested in January 2011 in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad , where US forces would kill former Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden less than four months later .
During the trial , a FBI officer stated that intelligence reports had revealed that Patek was in Pakistan to meet with bin Laden with a view to re - establishing links between the terrorist groups in South - East Asia and al - Qaeda .
" He did n't go , " added Ms. Corteen .
Until recently , he was making no sense of the grief he had been able to cause to others .
The verdict was delivered on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the attacks , which will be celebrated later this year and marked by ceremonies in Bali and Australia .
" There will be a lot of mourning this year , " said Ms. Corteen .
Patek may , however , appeal against his conviction .
FAA : Air passengers can now use gadgets on board aircraft ( but not call with their mobile phone )
Airline passengers will be able to use their door - to - door electronic devices to read , work , play games , watch movies and listen to music - but not speak on their mobile phone - under the long - awaited new directives issued on Thursday by the Federal Aviation Administration .
But passengers should not expect immediate change .
The speed with which change will be implemented will vary from one airline to another , said FAA administrator Michael Huerta at a press conference .
Airlines will be required to prove to the FAA that their aircraft comply with the new guidelines and that they have updated the crew training manuals and aircraft stowage rules to be in compliance .
The FAA stated that it had already received plans from some airlines to expand the use of electronic devices on their aircraft .
Delta and JetBlue are among the companies that have already submitted plans .
" Depending on the plan , we could approve an extended use of electronic devices in the near future , " the FAA said in a statement .
Currently , passengers must turn off their smartphones , shelves and other aircraft as soon as the aircraft doors are closed .
They are not supposed to re - ignite them until the aircraft reaches an altitude of 10,000 feet and the commander gives his green light .
Passengers are expected to turn off their aircraft when the aircraft is descended before landing and do not turn on them until the aircraft has landed .
Under the new guidelines , airlines whose aircraft are properly protected from electronic interference will be able to allow passengers to use their aircraft during take - off , landing and ground rolling , FAA said .
Most new airliners and other aircraft that have been modified to allow passengers to use Wi - Fi at higher altitudes should meet the criteria .
Laura Glading , President of the Association of Professional Flight Attendants , was pleased with these changes .
" Once the new policy is implemented safely - and we will work closely with the carriers to do it - it will benefit everyone , " Glading said in a statement .
We are frankly tired of feeling like " room supervisors " when it comes to this issue .
But it will always be forbidden to log on to the Internet to surf , exchange emails and SMSs or download data below 10,000 feet , the agency said .
Passengers will have to put their smartphones , shelves and other aircraft in air mode .
So still no Words With Friends , the Scrabble - style online game played by the actor Alec Baldwin on his smartphone in 2011 when he was expelled from an American Airlines aircraft after refusing to turn off his aircraft while the aircraft was parked at the door .
And heavier devices such as laptops will always have to be stored because they could injure someone if they were flying through the cabin .
Mobile phones on board will also continue to be banned .
The regulatory authority for mobile phones belongs to the Federal Communications Commission and not to the FAA .
The FAA may lift the ban on certain electronic devices during take - off and landing
Last month , Mark Rosenker of the National Transportation Safety Board , a national transportation safety expert on CBS News , stated that mobile phones are still considered to pose a risk .
" Mobile phones are a real problem , not only because they could potentially interfere with navigational instruments , but because we know , according to the FCC , that they could disrupt mobile relay antennae if used on board , " said Rosenker .
An industry advisory committee set up by the FAA to examine the problem recommended last month that the government allow a wider use of personal electronic devices .
Pressure on the FAA has increased in recent years to ease restrictions on its use .
Critics such as Senator Claire McCaskill , D - Mo . , argue that there is no valid security reason for these prohibitions .
The restrictions are also increasingly difficult to apply as the use of the devices has become pervasive .
Some studies indicate that at least one - third of passengers forget to turn off their aircraft , or deliberately do so .
The FAA began to limit the use of electronic devices in 1996 as a result of reports of interference with navigational and communicational instruments when passengers were carrying FM radios , the then high - tech gadget .
The new aircraft are much more dependent on electrical systems than previous generations of aircraft , but are also designed to withstand electronic interference and approved by the FAA .
Airlines have allowed their passengers to use Wi - Fi at cruise altitudes for several years .
Aircraft modified to accommodate Wi - Fi systems are also more resistant to interference .
The vast majority of airliners are expected to allow for wider use of electronic devices under the new directives , " said Huerta .
Today 's electronic devices typically transmit much lower power radio transmissions than previous generations of devices .
Readers of electronic books , for example , only transmit minimal transmissions when a page is run .
But the transmissions are stronger when the devices upload or send data .
Amazon.com is one of those who press for relaxed restrictions on the use of electronic devices by passengers .
In 2011 , the company 's leaders loaded a Kindle eBook reader line plane and flew it to see if there were any problems , but there were none .
This has inspired the members of the FAA Advisory Committee with mixed feelings about whether or not the use of devices is a risk .
Douglas Kidd of the National Association of Airline Passengers stated that he believed that the interference from the aircraft was real , even if the risk was minimal .
Other committee members stated that there are only anecdotal reports from pilots that indicate that the aircraft can interfere with an aircraft 's systems , and that most of them are very old .
However , the Committee recommended that the FAA allow pilots to ask passengers to turn off their aircraft during instrument landings under conditions of low visibility .
A travel industry group welcomed the changes , calling for common - sense arrangements for technology - equipped travellers .
" We are pleased that the FAA recognizes that a pleasant passenger experience is not incompatible with safety , " said Roger Dow , President and Director of the U.S. Travel Association .
A ground squirrel from a platform in the North Sea was released into the wild
A bird , which was hoisted after being found depleted on an oil platform in the North Sea , was released into the wild .
The water rail was mounted on a helicopter in the direction of Aberdeen last month before it was put back by the Scottish SPCA in its Alloa rescue centre .
The centre 's manager , Colin Seddon , said , " This water rail was probably a wintering migratory from northern Europe and was caught in the midst of severe winds in the North Sea . "
It appears that the spoiled bird has been able to find refuge on the oil shelf .
He added : " He was unable to fly again , so we were contacted to help . "
The water rail was in good health when it was released .
Is the European elite ready to do business with Britain ?
The Business for Britain campaign was launched in April with the promise to bring together businesses and define what wealth and job creators want to see changed in our relationship with the EU .
To do so , we commissioned the widest and most comprehensive survey of British entrepreneurs and asked them what they thought of Britain , business and the EU .
YouGov interviewed over 1,000 entrepreneurs , representing all sizes of businesses , sectors and regions in Great Britain .
The findings of the survey will be a surprise to many .
We have discovered that the vast majority of companies are now seeking to export outside Europe , concentrating on countries that are modernising and developing while the EU states are stagnating .
They want the government to give priority to new trade links with countries like China , India , and Brazil , rather than get bogged down in the long and arduous process of reforming the European institutional arches .
When asked to comment on specific policy issues - ranging from monopoly regulation to product law - the majority of entrepreneurs believe that control of these key skills should return to Westminster .
The single market has caused general discontent , companies saying that the cost of the Brussels regulation is disproportionate to the benefits of being part of the European trading area - 40 % of the larger companies , traditionally the most pro - European , even agree .
Finally , and more speaking , our survey of entrepreneurs revealed that a large majority wanted Great Britain to continue with its initiatives to change the Treaty and to develop a relationship with the EU based on trade , not politics .
This conclusion , which is found in all major groups and companies of all sizes , shows that the business world is insisting on a " significant change " that will restore power in the UK .
The stakes are high - to change the Treaty and to better represent Britain 's interests , it would be possible to see a changeover of 16 % of the votes to keep the country in the EU in a referendum .
The Prime Minister should have no doubt for a moment : this survey shows that British companies support this plan to renegotiate the terms of Britain 's accession to the EU .
It also shows that companies hope that renegotiation will be a significant change in the current balance of power in favour of a return to the UK .
It is possible , and increasingly necessary , to better represent the interests of British companies , as the euro area is moving towards a closer economic and fiscal union .
The priority must be employment and growth in Great Britain and , as the findings of our survey show , for businesses that means putting the emphasis on trade and a fundamental change in the Brussels regulatory approach .
The United States in Halloween 's Colours
In the US , President Obama has not derogated from the Halloween tradition .
With his wife last night , he distributed candies to hundreds of children in the White House gardens in Washington .
Last year , Halloween 's festivities on the east coast of the United States had been cancelled due to Hurricane Sandy .
This year , the featers have catched up .
In New York , thousands of costumed people took part in the parade organized in the Greenwich village district .
Everyone is over - excited , one of the participants , Andrea .
I was finally able to put the costume I had planned last year .
We have fun like crazy people , says Rhonda .
People are happy .
It 's a good child , it 's cool .
We really need that .
Halloween is a pagan celebration celebrated on the eve of the Toussaint , mainly in the Anglo - Saxon countries .
Alexei Miller de Gazprom states that the Bulgarian gas pipeline opens a new era of gas
The start of the construction of the South Stream pipeline in Bulgaria marks the launch of one of Europe 's largest energy projects , " said Gazprom 's director .
" A historic event took place today : the construction began in the Bulgarian part of the South Stream pipeline , Europe 's most important large - scale project , " said Alexei Miller , Gazprom 's general manager , in a statement on Thursday .
This project is a key element of energy security throughout the European continent .
South Stream should make it possible to diversify Russia 's export routes to Europe .
A contractual dispute between Gazprom and its counterpart in Ukraine , through which most of the Russian gas destined for Europe is transported , increases the level of risk compared to conventional routes , the Director added .
Miller added that the direct junction to Bulgaria , a member of the European Union , means that the geopolitical risks associated with transit countries are eliminated " forever " .
Bulgarian consumers will receive South Stream gas at a reduced rate as soon as the entire project is put into service in 2015 .
Gazprom indicated that construction is expected to start in other downstream countries by the end of the year .
The pipeline has been designed for an annual capacity of 63 billion cubic metres of natural gas .
Pitcairn wants to create the world 's largest marine reserve
The island of Pitcairn wants to create the largest marine reserve in the world , the daily Tahiti News , announced on Thursday , taking up information from Radio Australia .
The island , east of the Gambier Archipelago ( French Polynesia ) , is the last British territory in the South Pacific , halfway between New Zealand and Chile .
This territory is 47 km2 , with three other small islands nearby .
He has been British since his occupation in 1790 with the mutiny of the Bounty , an episode in the history of the English navy that led to three Hollywood adaptations .
A few dozen people , mostly descendants of the Bounty mutineers , still live in Pitcairn , and their incomes are 95 % dependent on the generosity of London .
The Island Council unanimously voted in favour of creating a marine reserve around the small archipelago , which is 836,000 km2 , corresponding to its exclusive economic zone .
An assistant to the Island Mayor went to London to ask Britain to validate the application .
Mike Warren , the Mayor of Pitcairn , believes that the creation of such a protected area would be a first step towards greater financial self - sufficiency for his island .
The project must be accepted by the English Governor of Pitcairn , resident in New Zealand , and the British Government .
The creation of such a marine reserve would allow the United Kingdom to sanctuarise the 836,000 km2 , provided , however , that it has the means to monitor it , which is not the case .
There is no airport at Pitcairn , which makes it impossible to base one or more aircraft dedicated to the surveillance of the area , and there is no port for military surveillance vessels .
As for France , it must already carry out the very costly aerial and maritime surveillance of the five million km2 of the French Polynesia EEZ , neighbouring Pitcairn .
The FAA relaxes restrictions on the use of electronic gadgets on board aircraft - but it will always be prohibited to call on mobile phones .
Fighter aircraft are attacking a stock of Russian missiles in the port city of Latakia , says an official .
It would seem to be the continuation of the Israeli campaign to prevent the proliferation of weapons in the Middle East .
A Federal Court of Appeal blocked a judge 's decision that NYPD 's controversial tactic discriminated against minorities .
Nearly 100 African migrants hoping to go to Algeria died of thirst after their two trucks fell in the middle of the Sahara .
Experts say that the violence that caused the deaths of 14 adults and 7 children is nothing more than an unfortunate chance , not a sign of an escalation of violence in America .
Instead of being destabilized by the cessation of government activity in the United States , investors have remained focused on what is probably the most important : the Federal Reserve .
Californian women are considering challenging what might be the first summons to appear , saying that glasses connected to the Internet make navigation easier .
The police state that they are in possession of a video that seems to show Mayor Rob Ford smoking crack .
Even close allies hide things - and look from every angle to discover what has not been said .
The Vatican wants to know how Catholic parishes around the world deal with sensitive issues such as contraception , divorce and homosexual couples .
Life prison for former Chinese vice - governor
A former vice - governor of Jilin province in north - eastern China was sentenced to life imprisonment on Friday for corruption .
Excluded from the Communist Party in July 2012 , Tian Xueren was accused of having hit more than 19 million yuan of bribes , report official Chinese media .
Between 1995 and 2001 , the Vice - Governor , who was also the president of the Jilin Bank , a public institution , helped companies and officials to obtain contracts , loans or promotions in exchange for money or gifts , declared the first Beijing Intermediate Court on his microblog .
President Xi Jinping , who took office last March , made the fight against corruption a national priority , believing it to be a threat to the very existence of the Communist Party .
While the Head of State promised that justice would be as intractable with the powerful " tigers " as with the " flies " - subordinate officials - only a handful of high - ranking officials , including former Petrochina oil giant executives , were convicted .
The most dramatic recent case was the case of the former head of the CCP in Chongqing , Bo Xilai , who was sentenced to life in September for corruption and abuse of power after targeting the highest posts in the state .
But the government has not expressed any intention to reform the anti - corruption system by , for example , creating a body independent of the party .
Two YMCA employees accused of sexual assault following allegations against Jonathan Lord at a Royal Commission hearing .
Two YMCA employees in New South Wales were charged with sexual assaults against children in response to allegations made against Caringbah 's educator , Jonathan Lord , in 2011 , at a hearing of the Royal Commission on Child Sexual Abuse .
But in its opening statement to the Commission , the YMCA stated that it " had never had to deal with a problem of sexual assault on children in its organization " .
General Manager Phillip Hare was interviewed in two cases : a YMCA employee was charged with child pornography offences and a physical education instructor at the YMCA Caringbah Hall was found guilty of sexual assault on children in the centre where he was working in 1991 .
Mr. Hare told Gail Furness , a lawyer with the Commission , that he had knowledge of the first case but was not aware of the second .
He also admitted that the YMCA opening statement was inaccurate , pointing out that " YMCA external controls have been carried out and that the safety of children is a top priority for the organization . "
It was shown before the Commission that the YMCA had been informed that it had received the second worst ratings on four institutions during a quality audit by the Department of Education and Communities in August of this year .
Mr. Hare , who began working at the YMCA at the age of 21 , admitted that personnel management was a failure with Lord 's recruitment and that he failed to verify that employees knew they were required to report violations of the child safety policy .
Earlier in the year , Lord was convicted of sexual assault on 12 boys during the two years he worked at the YMCA .
He was sentenced to a minimum prison sentence of 6 years .
But Mr. Hare rejected the idea that the YMCA would have a cultural problem preventing staff from reporting Lord 's lack of safety for children .
Staff members testified that they had observed some shortcomings , including the fact that Lord remained alone with the children , kept them privately , put them on his knees , told them that he loved them and allowed them to play with his mobile phone .
Danielle Ockwell , who was coached by Lord and had asked for child protection training because she was concerned about her behaviour , said that she found YMCA Caringbah 's Child Services Officer , Jacqui Barnat , who coached Lord " very intimidating and difficult to approach most of the time " .
The Director General stated that he rejected the staff 's testimony that they were reluctant to report these breaches to their supervisors .
Instead , he stated that their friendly relations with Lord blurred their judgment , so they did not report his actions .
Mr. Hare stated that he had expressed his view to the New South Wales YMCA Board that the organization 's lesson from the " Jonathan Lord incident " should not be " the report " by the staff , and the Board agreed with him .
Mr. Hare said that the decision to have staff sign confidentiality agreements shortly after the allegations were raised was made by the YMCA 's Director General for Children 's Services , Liam Whitley .
He stated that the decision was intended to avoid any contamination of the evidence , but that it was " over zeal " and that it was not properly implemented .
The YMCA in New South Wales was not a safe organization for children at the time Jonathan Lord was employed there , namely between 2009 and 2011 , told the expert on sexual abuse of children , Professor Stephen Smallbone of the University of Griffith before the Commission .
He indicated that there were " serious problems " in the recruitment , control , initiation , training and supervision of staff .
The hearing was adjourned until December 20 .
Tony Blair said he would take the opportunity to re - become Prime Minister , but recognizes that his return is unlikely .
In an interview last night marking the 5th anniversary of his departure at the end of his term , the 59-year - old man expressed his opinion on various national policies .
Since his departure in June 2007 after a decade at the head of the country , Mr. Blair has largely avoided discussing British policy , limiting his comments to foreign affairs and his role as Quartet Special Envoy for the Middle East Peace Process .
When asked if he would like to find the position of Prime Minister , Mr Blair said , according to the Evening Standard in London : " Yes , of course , but it is likely to happen ... "
When many equestrian experts gathered in Cardiff to fight and win the Horse of the Year trophy , they knew that the competition would be harsh .
But no one expected to see Fenton Kirkland , a three - year - old .
Not yet at school and only a few months after making his first arms , the toddler and his poney Shetland Toffee scootered all three rounds with great ease and won the first prize , leaving behind the other 30 adult competitors .
The two inseparables - which are the same size - were recognized for the presentation , attitude and style at the annual competition held at the Sunnybank equestrian centre in Rudry near Cardiff .
Against men and women in elegant melon hats , he wore his flat hat a little on the side in a relaxed way to scroll his 2-year - old Toffee pony around the track .
Fenton was commended by the judges for his uncommon natural training qualities for a child of his or her age .
And Toffee received very good notes for his presentation and personality .
Fenton had Toffee as a gift for her 3rd birthday last March and has since trained with her Shetland poney every day .
Her 30-year - old mother Donna said , " Fenton and Toffee do an excellent duo . "
They presented themselves towards and against all , but both screwed the gold cut and the rosette .
This was only the second time he was working with Toffee and we were mad of joy that he won .
On the trail , people who did n't know him thought it was so phenomenal that they wanted to be photographed with him .
This young boy from the village of Nantyglo , near Ebbw Vale , in southern Wales , follows the traces of his aunt Sharon Howells , who has been participating in equestrian competitions for more than 10 years .
Ms. Howells said , " There was electricity in the air and everyone encouraged and applauded it . "
He travelled the whole length of the runway and even though he seemed to be very small , he did a wonderful job .
Fenton is crazy of animals - he loves the horses , the tractors and the rural world and has two chickens he takes care of .
As he started , he will soon be part of the Horse of the Year event - and I am sure he will make a great performance .
A spokesperson for the annual equestrian event said , " Fenton is only 3 years old , but he knows how to drive his pony . "
They are a good team .
The judges noted that Fenton and Toffee presented well and how they paraded on the track .
They are looking for effective teamwork between the pony and the trainer - Fenton and Toffee were the best on the track .
I 'm sure his beautiful clothes helped Fenton , he really looked proud .
A Chinese newspaper that has launched a call " will be redrafted "
A newspaper from China , which issued a front - page call for the release of a journalist accused of defamation , will be redesigned , says a press regulator .
The Guangzhou - based New Express has published a rare public call for the release of journalist Chen Yongzhou .
But Chen later admitted on television that he had accepted bribes to make stories about a semi - public society .
The New Express is now going to undergo a " complete overhaul " , the regulator said .
The order of " reworking " came from the administration of Guangdon for Press and Publishing , Radio , Film and Television .
A preliminary survey showed that the New Express , belonging to the Yangcheng Evening News group , had published several erroneous articles on the company listed as Zoomlion between September 2012 and August 2013 .
" The drafting of New Express was disorganized , " the regulator said in a statement .
He stated that he had decided " to impose an administrative sanction on Chen Yongzhou by withdrawing his press card " .
He also " directed the Yangcheng Evening News group to undertake a comprehensive overhaul of New Express , and recommended that he conduct a survey of the responsible persons at New Express and immediately rewrite the newspaper 's management team " .
Mr. Chen has written several articles for the New Express on the alleged financial irregularities of a construction manufacturer called Zoomlion .
After his arrest , his newspaper twice published a front - page appeal for his release , writing that he supported his journalism .
But Chen then appeared on a public television station where he admitted that he had published false stories against money .
" In this case , I hurt Zoomlion and the media industry and its ability to gain public confidence , " he said on the public television network CCTV .
I did it mainly because I ran after money and celebrity .
I realized my error .
Following Mr. Chen 's apology , New Express issued his apology on the first page , writing that he had not properly checked his articles .
Several major suspects have recently confessed to television .
Specialists say that people are systematically forced to confess , despite a change in the law that was passed earlier in the year banning the authorities from forcing anyone to incriminate himself .
The Charles - de - Gaulle carrier in " unavailability "
In Toulon , the aircraft carrier is in the raft .
The radioactive vapour leak detected on one of the two nuclear boilers at Charles - de - Gaulle in mid - October and while the ship was at sea was " safe for the sailors " , but not without consequences for the Navy .
Indeed , the Royal has confirmed to us " the ship 's unavailability " until " mid - November " , " the time to take the necessary corrective action " on the reactor .
For its part , the company DCNS , a specialist in the defence naval , ensures that its crews and those of Areva , who are deployed in the Var for the occasion , " are currently intervening on the carrier " .
For them , one of the things is to change a pump on the failing boiler .
" Everything is done to ensure that the Charles - de - Gaulle can deploy in late 2013 , " says DCNS .
And the National Navy to certify that " it does not in any way call into question the programme of activity of the ship " .
The Charles - de - Gaulle carrier is out of a six - month intermediate maintenance period .
He had aircraft from Toulon in mid - October for training .
This , in particular , is to qualify young pilots as fighters .
A " small damage " , confined to the reactor 's containment space , occurred on the flagship of the French fleet .
According to the National Navy , the crew had not been exposed to any radioactive contamination .
For more than a year , everywhere , I have been able to see a great dissatisfaction on the part of the people I meet : monstrous reassessment of their properties , deluge of taxes , cost of licences of all kinds , administrative costs to end .
In short , siphoning our pockets without any limit .
Millions of dollars of dilapidated money could be spared in order to allow taxation to be very respectful of those who pay .
Any money forcibly removed from taxpayers reduces their freedom of consumption and contributes to their impoverishment .
In Shawinigan , despite the closure of all major companies , there is no inconvenience with respect to the sumptuous expenditures and maintenance of the ducks : cultural centre in deficit , strong subsidy to the Cité de l'Energie , etc .
If these facilities are not profitable , they are sold to the private sector or demolished .
It is also sad to see the expropriation of several properties in order to accommodate a major industry that has never come .
However , I would like to make an honourable mention of transforming the old Wabasso into a kind of industrial incubator , but at what cost to tax payers ?
It is not at the level of government to invest in such businesses , but in the private sector based on consumer demand .
Citizens were pleased to learn that the fishing lakes and batteries will continue to supply the city with drinking water .
As a result of the departure of all industries ( large water users ) and the sharp decline in the population , water use has declined significantly throughout the territory .
Without meaning to waste it , the city will never lack water , and severe regulation of its use could be greatly softened .
In short , it is easy to do great things with the money of others .
I would be ashamed to defend such a record .
With a gross debt of more than $ 200 million , this city is no longer even able to buy a pen without a loan settlement .
We have been run for more than 40 years by tips with most fine degrees and I do n't think a sheep farmer is doing worse .
Discovery of a drug tunnel between the United States and Mexico with its own railway
One of the most sophisticated tunnels used for drug trafficking between the United States and Mexico , with its own lighting , ventilation and electrical rails , was discovered .
The US authorities described the 4-foot - by - 3 tunnel as one of the most sophisticated secret passages they had ever seen .
The tunnel , zigzagging over a length equivalent to nearly six long football fields , links warehouses near Tijuana , Mexico , San Diego , USA .
The area is full of indefinable warehouses , making it easy to hide drug - loaded trucks .
The tunnel was closed before the drugs came out by the wayside , the authorities said .
The authorities seized 8.5 tons of marijuana and 148 kg of cocaine after the tunnel was discovered , according to court records .
Three men who , according to the authorities , were working as drivers , were charged with possession of marijuana and cocaine with the intention of sale .
They are sentenced to 10 years ' imprisonment and life imprisonment if sentenced .
In Nogales , Arizona , traffickers operate large underground drainage channels .
The tunnel is the eighth major passage discovered in San Diego since 2006 .
Some of the largest tunnels were discovered following the harvest of marijuana in central Mexico in October , posing a challenge for drug cartels who must quickly deliver their products to consumers .
In 2010 , the authorities found a crossing of about 700 yards equipped with railway tracks , which departed from the kitchen of a house in Tijuana and went up to two warehouses in San Diego .
British police issue extradition warrant against Assange
The UK police have today issued an extradition warrant against the founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange , who has taken refuge at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London and has applied for political asylum .
Scotland Yard stated that it had issued a " notice of delivery " to the 40-year - old Australian , asking him to appear at a police station , adding that if he did not , he would be liable to be arrested .
Assange could be extradited to Sweden on the basis of allegations of sexual crime , after exhausting all possible avenues under British law after the Supreme Court invalidated his appeal against his extradition at the beginning of the month .
Fearing that Stockholm would allow his transfer to the United States , he found refuge at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London on 19 June , asking that South American country for political asylum .
Scotland Yard " issued a notice of delivery to a 40-year - old man asking him to go to a police station at the time and time of his choice , " a spokesman said .
He continues to violate the conditions of his bail .
The Embassy refused to comment on the issuance of the notice by the police .
Assange fears to be extradited from Sweden to the United States where he could be accused of espionage , after unveiling more than 250,000 US diplomatic cables on the WikiLeaks web site fighting secret information .
How biometrics will invade our lives
Finished the passwords to type to access his smartphone or pay for his purchases ?
American , French , or Japanese researchers are predicting a future where we will be recognized by the biometric sensors of telephones and computers .
Bernard Didier , Deputy Director General of Morpho , even believes that " the century will be biometric " .
Only biometrics will ensure the identity of a person doing transactions in a universe as transverse and transnational as the Internet .
Privacy organizations confirm this enthusiasm for biometrics , but are concerned about it .
In 2011 alone and in France , the National Commission for Computer Science and Freedoms authorised 774 systems for the recognition of fingerprints , the form of the hand or the venous network of the hand in companies , administrations , canteens ...
" Everyone can soon be identified , anywhere and anytime , " said Justin Brookman , who is responsible for consumer privacy at the Center for Democracy and Technology ( CDT ) in Washington .
The reasons for such optimism , in some , and pessimism , in others ?
Biometrics will be based on new techniques that will provide new services to citizens and consumers .
Today , in France , the most widely used biometric data are fingerprints , the contour of the hand and the venous network of the palm or fingers .
But each of these techniques has its own constraints .
" For example , some people who work concrete have very damaged fingers and their fingers are illegible , " says Philippe Robin , technical director of the identity domain at Thales Communications & Security .
And the collection and verification of the venous network and the contour of the hand implies a voluntary and precise gesture by the people .
It is both a security - it can not be taken without their knowledge - and a disadvantage : the procedure must sometimes be repeated and therefore take time .
As a result , research has been conducted over the past 20 years on other approaches , such as facial or iris recognition ( the coloured part of the eye ) .
Through increased sensor accuracy and computer computing capability for data analysis , these techniques become operational .
The accuracy of facial recognition has been tenfold over the last five years , calculates Cyrille Bataller , director of Accenture R&D laboratories in Europe .
With our help , the United Kingdom and Holland have deployed automatic border crossings using facial reconnaissance .
It is now possible to identify a moving face or iris .
" Today , we are conducting research on voice recognition or how to walk with sound sensors , but we need a silent environment , " says Sridhar Iyengar , Director of Security Research at the Intel Labs .
DNA is a unique and non - falsifiable marker and is also a source of hope and concern .
" As we know it , it can be seen as the ultimate biometric data , " says Sophie Vulliet - Tavernier , Director of Studies , Innovation and Prospects at the CNIL .
But DNA analysis is still very long and expensive .
NEC offers a suitcase costing 90,000 euros to the judicial police to analyse DNA samples at a crime scene in one hour .
The uses of biometrics are divided into two groups : identification ( recognizing one person among others ) and authentication ( ensuring that the person is the one he claims to be ) .
The identification has so far concerned the issuance of identity papers : biometrics ( fingerprints , photo , iris ) must be confronted with the information that the state has on all citizens already registered .
This ensures that one person does not attempt to usurp someone else 's identity .
This comparison principle may have other applications .
NEC offers VIP recognition at the entrance to a hotel or store .
" We are recovering the images of surveillance cameras and comparing them to the photos of celebrities that circulate freely on the Internet , " explains Dany Nassif , who is responsible for the commercial development of biometric identification solutions at NEC France .
Another use is to take a photo of a quidam that tails in a store , follow his progression through facial recognition and calculate waiting time .
Authentication initially concerned physical access ( borders , protected spaces , canteens ... ) or logical access ( computer opening ) .
More recently , it has been added to it the presence check .
" A biometric pointer avoids the phenomenon of the buddy pointing for another , " explains Cyrille Bataller of Accenture .
More and more , however , authentication will also concern transactions , particularly those made from devices connected to the Internet .
In Japan , it is already possible to remove money from some distributors by introducing his card and placing his hand on a biometric reader : this gesture replaces the secret code .
A similar technique is tested in Villeneuve - d'Ascq and Angoulême by the company Natural Security in partnership with banks and signs of large distribution : when paying in - store with its bank card , the customer does not type his code , but introduces his finger into a reader that scans the veins .
Experimentation is planned for six months .
If it is conclusive , biometric readers could soon arrive at French merchants .
Leads to reassure users
There are three ways to make biometrics attractive to the general public .
The first is to explain that it can save time .
" If , thanks to biometrics , a customer stays 30 seconds less in the box , it 's a good thing , " explains the manager of a large area .
The second is to offer customized services : in a few years ' time , a voice server will be able to recognize your voice and offer customized options .
And , finally , reassure us by highlighting the precautions taken to protect databases .
" Fingerprints are stored on a first server ; people 's identities are in a second database : the correlation between the two numbers is encrypted and stored in a highly secure box , which is blocked if one tries to move it " , enumerates Philippe Robin of Thales .
But , in the absence of in - depth studies , it is impossible to know whether these discourses really convince users .
Privacy experts continue to be worried .
" The advances in facial recognition , the proliferation of surveillance cameras , and the huge amount of photos available on Facebook , Flickr , or Picasa , make me fear the worst : generalized surveillance , " says Andrew Patrick of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada .
A driver driving at 210 km / h with a hot drink between the legs was inflicted with an almond kernel of £ 1,000
A motorist was fined £ 1,000 for driving to 210 km / h with a heated drink in balance between his legs .
Andrew Howie , 35 , of Tiptree in Essex , was found driving his Mercedes Benz on the A120 at Braintree on 27 May.
When the police arrested him , they discovered the beverage to take between his legs .
At the Colchester Court of First Instance , Howie admitted the driving offence without due care and attention .
The seven points withdrawn on his licence led to a 6-month licence withdrawal .
Howie was also ordered to pay costs of £ 90 and a victim surcharge of £ 100 .
Tax on foreign real estate owners to break the London bubble
The Consolidated Revenue Fund has provisionally quantified the capital gains tax measure , but is awaiting a final decision from Mr. Osborne , who , in the 2012 budget , has a stamp duty of 7 % for properties costing more than £ 2 M and an annual fee for purchasers who choose to hold properties in a company rather than as an individual .
The stamp duty already applies to the residential properties of the Westminster and Kensington & Chelsea districts , and amounts to £ 708 M in fiscal year 2012/13 , which exceeds the total amount of Northern Ireland , Wales , Scotland , North - East , North - West and Yorkshire and Humber combined .
" As a result of the increase in the stamp duty on high - value properties and the introduction of the anti - avoidance law in this area , it is very difficult to argue that high - value properties are underimposed independently of the effects of the obsolete housing tax system . "
" But this change could make foreign investors reluctant to buy properties in London or current owners reluctant to sell , " he added .
Prestigious real estate - the 5 - 10 % of the highest prices in the real estate market - in the prosperous sector southwest of London , stretching from Fulham to Wimbledon , rose by a record 11.8 % over the past year .
Prices in central London show steady year - over - year growth of 5.6 % but have been overshadowed by a growing " internal market " , with the southwest of the city , the north ( 7.4 % ) and the east ( 6.5 % ) recovering , according to Savills ' studies .
Scientists have just highlighted how a dog 's tail movements are related to his mood .
Previous studies had shown that happy dogs moved their tail to the right ( from the dog 's point of view ) , while nervous dogs moved it to the left .
But now scientists say dogs can detect and respond to these subtle differences .
Professor Georgio Vallortigara , a neuroscientist from the University of Trent , said : " Everyone knows that in man , the left and the right side of the brain are involved differently in stimuli that awaken positive or negative emotions . "
Here we tried to see what was happening in other species .
He added that , just as in humans , in dogs the right side of the brain was responsible for the movement to the left and vice versa , and that the two hemispheres played a different role in the emotions .
To learn more about how dogs respond to the disordered tail movements of other dogs , researchers followed animals watching movies with other dogs .
They measured the heart rate of the animals and analyzed their behaviour .
It will surely not take a long time before we understand why their tail sometimes goes on one side and sometimes on the other .
Professor Vallortigara explained : " We presented to dogs movies with other dogs - either a naturalist version or a silhouette to avoid any other confounding factor - and we were able to traffic the tail movement and portray it as going to the left or to the right . "
When the animals saw a dog without expression stirring the tail to the right ( from the point of view of the dog stirring the tail ) , they remained perfectly relaxed .
But when they found a tail that deviated mainly to the left ( again from the point of view of the tail - stirring dog ) , their heart rate accelerated and they looked anxious .
Professor Vallortigara said that he did not think that dogs were deliberately communicating with each other through these movements .
Rather , he thinks dogs know from experience what movements they should or should not worry about .
He added , " If you encounter other dogs several times and you notice that most of the time the movement of their tail to one side is associated with a more friendly attitude and that the right side leads to a less friendly attitude , you will react on that experience . "
Researchers indicate that the results could allow owners , veterinarians and trainers to better understand the emotions of their animals .
Dr. John Bradshaw , a visiting professor at the University of Bristol 's School of Veterinary Sciences , said this was not the first study to examine the importance of left and right in the canine species .
Last year , a team at the University of Lincoln discovered that the dogs turned their head left when they looked at an aggressive dog and right when it was a joyful dog .
And in another scientific study by the University of Victoria in Canada , he said , " Dogs were easier to move to a robotic dog when his tail stepped to the left rather than to the right , instead of becoming anxious - the reverse of what is in the Italian study . "
He indicated that the differences may be due to the fact that the dogs involved in the various studies did not fully consider film animals or robotic dogs as dogs .
A study of how dogs respond to real dogs could be useful , he explained .
" While there is a lot of evidence from different mammals that both sides of the brain are used for different purposes , many details still need to be clarified - and dogs are no exception , " he said .
However , given the ease with which their behaviour can be recorded , it will surely not take a long time for us to understand why their tail is sometimes moving on one side and sometimes on the other .
Arctic Monkeys Postpones Concert in Glasgow Due to Alex Turner 's Disease
The rock band Arctic Monkeys postponed a concert in Glasgow after his singer was diagnosed with laryngitis .
Sheffield 's group was scheduled to perform on Friday in the The Hydro concert hall in the downtown area .
However , his laryngitis forced the singer Alex Turner to reprogram the show .
The announcement was made after the group was forced to postpone the same concert to the LG Arena in Birmingham on Thursday .
In a statement on their official website , the Arctic Monkeys stated : " Following the decision to postpone the concert to the LG Arena in Birmingham tonight and after seeking medical advice , the Arctic Monkeys are also required to postpone the show at Glasgow Hydro on Friday , November 1 . "
" Alex Turner suffers from laryngitis and regrets that he can not perform in concert . "
The show at the LG Arena in Birmingham will take place on November 20 and the one at the Glasgow Hydro will take place on November 21 .
All tickets remain valid for these concerts .
We apologize to all ticket holders for any inconvenience .
Please contact the customer service at the ticket office where you bought your tickets for any additional help .
Pope François to name his first cardinals in February
Pope François will appoint new Cardinals of the Catholic Church for the first time on 22 February , announced the Vatican on Thursday .
The Cardinals are the highest churchmen placed in the Catholic Church behind the Pope , and those who elect him , so François will appoint his first group of men who will ultimately choose his successor .
There are currently 201 cardinals .
However , as soon as a cardinal reaches the age of 80 , he can no longer participate in a Pope 's election - it is a group of 120 " cardinal voters " .
In a statement announcing the news , Father Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , said that a meeting of all the existing cardinals would be held prior to the ceremony in which bishops would be raised to the dignity of cardinal , known as the consortium .
" Pope François has decided to forward his decision to convene the February consortium in advance in order to facilitate the planning of other meetings requiring the participation of cardinals from different parts of the world , " said Lombardi .
Jack Valero of the Catholic Voices said that by February , the number of cardinal voters will likely have declined .
He stated that a Pope usually named as many cardinals as he needed to have the number of cardinals electors reached 120 and as many cardinals over the age of 80 as he wanted .
Next year 's consolidation will be important , as it will be the first since Pope François was elected in March of this year , " said Valero .
At the moment , there is a kind of tendency to favour Europe , and in particular Italy .
" It will be interesting to see if the new Pope will appoint cardinals from the rest of the world to restore balance , " he added .
40 % of Roman Catholics live in South America , but a small number of Cardinals represent them .
Cardinals will also be the first to be chosen since François formed the Cardinal Council , a group of eight cardinals from around the world to examine ways to reform the church .
Previously , the Pope alone decided .
" Now François has chosen these eight cardinals to help , " said Valero .
He added that it was " quite possible " for François to seek advice from the cardinals .
But we have never seen such a situation - it is completely new .
Valero indicated that the Popes usually raised bishops representing large communities as Cardinal , but that François was " full of surprises - so we do n't know who he will appoint " .
GM recalls some of its new pickups in the United States to repair the seat back
General Motors Co recalls nearly 19,000 of its brand new pickups Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra 2014 to solve a problem with manually inclinable files , according to a statement by the U.S. vehicle safety regulator on Friday .
On some pickups , the front seats could have a defect in the inclination mechanism .
As a result , the records do not meet federal vehicle safety standards for head restraints .
" If the vehicle is hit by the rear , the head restraint may not protect passengers properly , thereby increasing the risk of injury , " according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) site report .
The recalled models were constructed between August 1 and September 10 .
The deployment of GM pickups began in June and represents the most important vehicle launch for the first US car manufacturer since its bankruptcy and restructuring in 2009 .
GM informed pickup owners of the defect in the first half of October .
NHTSA was unable to review the newsletter to owners due to the 16-day shutdown of government operations , which slowed vehicle sales growth in October .
Silverado and Sierra pickup sales , which were redesigned for the 2014 model , increased by about 20 % in the first 10 months of the year , said GM Friday .
In October , GM sold 42,660 pickups Silverado and 16,503 pickups Sierra .
GM stock prices rose 1.4 % to $ 37.47 on the New York Stock Exchange Friday afternoon .
A worker dies buried under concrete blocks
A construction worker died under dozens of concrete blocks on Thursday morning in Montreal .
The drama occurred at around 11:00 a.m. on Marquette Street , near the intersection of Beaubien Street , in the district of Rosemont - La Petite - Patrie .
It is likely that work on the foundations has been taking place there for some time .
A middle - ground wall had just been erected in the last few days .
The accident occurred when the victim had just arrived at the site to recover her tools .
I was driving and seeing the wall collapse with a large cloud of smoke , " said Sylvain Jean , who stays close to the work site .
I disembarked and went to remove the big bricks that covered it .
We only saw part of his back , it is so unfortunate .
According to the authorities , the victim is an elderly man in the 50 who was working for a forming company .
Resuscitation manoeuvres were attempted by the emergency services , but not successful .
The man did not survive his serious injuries .
An inspector from the Occupational Health and Safety Commission was dispatched to the scene to investigate the circumstances surrounding this tragedy .
The Despair of Obama 's Voter
I voted twice for President Obama , believing in the possibility of change
He says Obama has made commendable efforts that have been forgotten by Republican Party obstructionism .
Obstructionism does not excuse the difficulties of the Obamacare site , nor the attacks on UAVs .
Obama 's 2008 Campaign Memory is a sad reminder of what might have happened
Nathaniel P. Morris is a 2nd year medical student at Harvard Medical School .
I am reading a sad book these days .
It is a book that I thought would encourage me during the morosity of the 2nd year of medicine and give me hope again .
It is called " The Audacity to Win " and it is the memoirs of Barack Obama 's 2008 presidential campaign .
When I finished my patients ' medical reports in the evenings and I lay my bed , this book takes me back to the time when politicians inspired millions of people and speeches could breathe you .
The election ended with an overwhelming victory and newspaper presenters took the time to reflect on the historical nature of the moment .
My peers mourned with joy and my parents kept all the newspapers they found .
A young team of visionaries was moving towards the White House and the nation was ready for change .
During Obama 's transition period prior to taking office in 2008 , he had 82 per cent favourable opinions .
And then I close the book .
Returning to the present is a difficult awakening , it is like getting out of a dream .
It is hard to remember those days full of optimism , like distant memories , a sad reminder of the opportunities of the past .
The change really happened in the years since I first voted .
It had nothing to do with what I had imagined .
I credit Obama with great achievements , from the passage of the Affordable Care Act to the departure of our army from Iraq , to the end of the " unseen or known " and the assassination of Osama bin Laden .
Moreover , I believe that partisan obstructionism has destroyed too many efforts to move our nation forward in the areas of immigration reforms , public health care and the closure of Guantanamo , among other things .
But after many times defending Obama 's administration against my peers and colleagues , I can no longer provide an explanation .
I am on the brink of political despair .
Republican obstruction can not explain the listening to foreign leaders , nor can it explain the attacks of innocent foreign children by drones .
It can not explain why the National Security Agency collects data on the privacy of Americans , nor the indictment of whistleblowers who reveal the government 's wrongdoing .
It can not justify the assassination of Anwar al - Awlaki , an American citizen , without trial , or the escape of public funding and the overspending allowed during the presidential campaigns .
It can not justify the conclusions of a report which states that the White House 's efforts to silence the media are " the most aggressive ... since Nixon 's administration " .
More recently , she can not excuse the impossibility of designing a simple Internet site for more than three years after the Affordable Care Act was ratified .
I do n't know if that is what I expected .
If , at the age of 18 , I was supposed to understand that governance could contradict the political campaigns that preceded it .
Of course , the electoral function is not predictable , because the opposition political party and events that occur by chance , such as the Newton massacre , influence our public conversation .
However , all the examples I have listed above appear to be largely the choice of administration .
That is what disturbs me the most .
I voted for Obama again in 2012 , but not because I was excited about his candidature .
Mitt Romney presented a confusing and unrefined alternative that did not seem to make it possible to determine his policies or positions .
I felt that Obama , who was elected for a second term with the pressure of future elections , would deliver on the promises that had been heard for so long .
However , while the index of favourable opinions has fallen below 45 % this week , it is even more difficult to return to 2008 through this book .
I am desirous of the many promises that have flown .
This week , I read the part of the book that describes how Obama suffered huge losses to Clinton at the Pennsylvania Primaries .
At a post - campaign meeting , he told his team that they needed to get back on track and remain faithful to their cause .
" I want us to focus on our talent , " he said .
We must remember who we are .
We were five years later , Mr President , and I no longer agree with you .
The views expressed in this commentary are only those of Nathaniel Morris .
Friday , at around 3 p.m. , a violent collision between a motorcycle and a car occurred on Rue de Retinne in Fleron .
The motorcycle , Jonathan , 26 , of Fleron , did not wear helmets .
Despite the rapid response , he died in this frontal collision .
Clive Palmer claims that MP Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest about the parental leave system .
Clive Palmer argues that Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest about the parental leave system because his daughters could be pregnant and benefit from it .
The magnate of mining , which disputes the payment of a carbon tax of $ 6 million , made this argument in an attempt to set aside the issues relating to a potential conflict .
The Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate , which could be crucial in deciding whether carbon and mining taxes should be removed .
But Mr. Palmer argued that only ministers could have a conflict of interest and indicated that Mr. Abbott 's daughters were willing to benefit personally from these policies .
" There will be a significant conflict of interest when it comes to paying for parental leave , because if one of his daughters is pregnant , he will have a direct interest in whether or not she is granted leave , " said Mr. Palmer .
Two months after his election , the Election Commission officially declared that Mr. Palmer won the seat of the Sunshine Coast of Fairfax by 53 votes , after recount .
Mr. Palmer put forward the idea of a re - engineering of the ballot system to speed up the process .
The daughters of Tony Abbott , Frances and Bridget .
Should this election be decided two months after the vote is completed ?
" We need a better system , " he said .
Why could we not have a system in which you can enter , enter your contact information in a computer , vote immediately and have the result at 6:30 a.m. ?
Mr. Palmer also criticized the use of paper pencils to mark ballots .
Is it in order to be able to erase the result if someone disagrees ?
Nowadays , having a pencil of paper seems extraordinary .
The Election Commission has explored options for electronic voting and has recently issued a joint discussion paper with New Zealand .
Mr. Palmer , 59 , stated that his political project included an international airport for the Sunshine Coast and that he would take his new duties " very seriously " .
The exercise of public functions is a matter of public service .
" We are not looking for a reward , except for the reward of history , because we have to serve the community at a critical time , " he added .
A team of biologists led by the Wildlife Conservation Society of New York has identified a new species of humpback dolphin off the northern coast of Australia .
Thibaut Bouveroux , a scientific mission at the Observatory for the Conservation and Study of Animals and Marine Environments ( OCEAMM ) , returns to L'Express on this discovery and explains the long process of identifying new species .
Are you surprised to find this new species of dolphin ?
That is good news , but I am not particularly surprised .
While in the past the species have been described and identified on a morphological , anatomical and geographic basis , today the development of new tools such as genetics allows us to improve our knowledge of the science of species classification .
It is not impossible for these advances in genetics and molecular biology to affect the classification or membership of a species in a genus , a family , or even an order .
At the beginning of the 19th century , morphologists classified animals on the basis of morphological differences among species .
Today , some of these rankings are being challenged due to advances in genetics .
Similarly , two morphologically closely related species were distinguished by genetics .
This is the case with the new species that has just been identified .
A decade ago , the scientific community recognized two species belonging to this subfamily : Pacific humpback dolphins and Atlantic humpback whales .
Recent analyses have distinguished four species .
Why is this a major discovery , as the Wildlife Conservation Society has said ?
From a conservation perspective , it is essential to know these genetic differences in order to protect the species and hence its genetic variability .
If this population was known for a long time by the researchers , they did not know it was part of a new species , present only there .
Therefore , if a problem of mass mortality caused by a viral epidemic or accidental capture arises in the area , we may have to deal with the extinction of a species , rather than a local extirpation of a population of a species that is more widespread on Earth .
This loss of genetic heritage would be much more problematic .
A species is considered threatened or endangered based on the number of extant individuals on Earth , that is , the stock , and the potential for recovery from nearby stocks .
For the species Sousa chinensis , from which the newly discovered population is derived , its stock has automatically become lower , making it more vulnerable .
Why is it rare to discover new species of marine mammals ?
Marine mammals are located at the top of the food chain .
They live in homogeneous , open habitats in which there is a great deal of genetic exchange between populations and individuals .
This brewing of genes limits the creation of new species .
Conversely , more closed ecosystems promote genetic isolation , which can eventually lead to the creation of new species .
The marine environment is the least well known .
We prefer to send robots to Mars , rather than know what lives in the Mariannes pit , only 11 kilometres from the sea surface .
More money is being spent on the search for life on other planets than on marine research , and it is high time that it changed .
RBS suspends two traders in the foreign exchange market
Royal Bank of Scotland suspended two traders from its foreign exchange market division from two sources close to the record , again showing that the global investigation of foreign exchange market manipulation suspicions is beginning to bear fruit .
Some of the world 's largest banks , such as UBS , Barclays , Deutsche Bank and RBS , have confirmed that they are cooperating with regulators in the world 's largest financial market surveys , where US$ 5.3 trillion changes hands every day .
The two traders are the first RBS employees to be suspended as part of the expansion of the investigation , which echoes the scandal of manipulations of the interbank rate Libor .
The bank , which refused to comment on the suspensions , confirmed this month that it had received requests from regulators for information .
" The ongoing investigation into this matter is continuing and we are fully cooperating with the CFA and other regulators , " said a representative of the bank two weeks ago .
Last month , sources close to the file reported that RBS had sent e - mail folders and instant messages to and from a former trader to the UK Financial Conduct Authority .
This trader , Richard Usher , left RBS in 2010 and was reportedly suspended from his position as a European cash trading manager at JPMorgan .
Rohan Ramchandani , the European currency exchange manager at Citi , was released this week , while Matt Gardiner , the senior currency trader at Barclays and UBS , was suspended by Standard Chartered this week .
None of these traders were charged .
Mr. Usher 's file included instant messages sent to and by bankers working at Barclays and Citigroup , adding sources close to the file .
UBS explained this week that it had brought an action against some of its employees after the Swiss regulator , Finma , stated that it was investigating suspicions of foreign exchange manipulation in a number of Swiss banks .
In the world , at least six authorities - the European Commission , Finma , the Swiss competition authority Weko , the FCA , the US Department of Justice and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority - are examining allegations made about bankers who have agreed to manipulate rates in the foreign exchange market .
HSBC , Citigroup , JPMorgan and Crédit Suisse have also initiated internal investigations or received requests for information from regulators , indicating sources close to the file .
Banks have been shedding instant messages and emails sent for years to find cases of wrongdoing .
The news about these surveys has shaken traders in a sector that has been one of the most important engines of growth for investment bank trading units in recent years , but has been challenged this year because of the low currency volatility that limits opportunities for speculators .
Some bankers have tried to minimize the matter by saying that it is almost impossible to manipulate the large , highly liquid exchange market , but senior traders explain that this is not necessarily true .
A senior trader said that , despite the high volume of daily exchange transactions , the fragmentation of liquidity between trade management platforms and the increasing use by banks of their own internal platforms " explains that it is possible to start having an impact on the market at low cost " .
The news came on the same day as Credit Suisse announced that it had sent a trader working in its London Stock Exchange trading office this week after it caused a loss of $ 6 million at the end of last year .
The bank promptly informed the competent authorities and cooperated with the regulators .
" We are convinced that the trader acted alone and that the matter was controlled , " said a representative of Credit Suisse .
The investigation into Mayor Rob Ford has been shattered , says a lawyer
After the police confirmed that they had taken a copy of the video that would show Rob Ford smoking crack , Clayton Ruby claimed that he never saw a " so shaky " investigation .
Mr. Ruby said that he believed in Canadian Press that the police had " ignored or minimized " the evidence against the mayor .
On Thursday , police arrested Rob Ford 's 35-year - old friend and casual driver , Alexander Lisi , and charged him with extortion in connection with the video .
Alexander Lisi , who had previously been accused of drug trafficking , was in frequent contact with the mayor .
The police also reported that they had observed this man delivering parcels to Rob Ford , and new court documents were reported .
Mr. Ruby described as " unexplainable " the fact that the police never searched Rob Ford 's vehicle or his home , or listened to his phone , arguing that police chief Bill Blair informedly chose not to act against the mayor .
Under the law , the police , having witnessed suspicious transactions in their own hands , could very well have intercepted Rob Ford 's vehicle , arrested the mayor , and searched even without a warrant .
It could also have requested an instant search warrant , if deemed necessary .
The Chief of Police did not comment , but his spokesman Mark Pugash described Mr. Ruby 's comments as an " obvious and desperate attempt " to press the media in a case that does not concern him .
At a press conference on Thursday , Mr. Blair stated that there was nothing in this video that could be " reasonable grounds " for laying a criminal charge against the mayor .
European Stock Exchanges Declining in Mid - Session , except London
With the exception of London , the main European stock exchanges are falling on Friday at half - session , led by some disappointing company news , while Wall - Street is expected to rise .
In addition , investors remain cautious as they believe that the US Federal Reserve could unravel its policy of quantitative easing earlier than expected .
Conversely , after the announcement of 0.7 % inflation for the euro area as a whole , the idea is spreading among market participants that the European Central Bank ( ECB ) could relax its monetary policy .
The future of Wall Street suggests an upward opening of US equity after two consecutive downturns .
At values , Renault ( -4.63 % ) recorded the strongest decline in CAC 40 , led by the result warning of his partner Nissan Motor on Friday .
Royal Bank of Scotland ( -6.26 % ) is the worst performance of the EuroFirst300 , after also publishing lower results this morning and announcing the creation in - house of a bad bank with £ 38 billion of riskiest assets .
Vodafone ( +2.45 % ) , on the other hand , continues to lead EuroFirst300 increases in response to press reports that AT&T is studying a possible OPA .
In the foreign exchange market , speculation on the evolution of the ECB 's monetary policy is well under way , as evidenced by John Hardy , a Saxo Bank strategist .
The ECB 's unique mandate has always been inflation - related , so Mario Draghi and his team have more reason to act at next week 's meeting .
We expect a strong potential for the euro to fall .
In this context , the euro continues to fall against the US currency and has hit a two - week low of $ 1.3517 .
These same conjectures , on the other hand , support the euro area bond market .
Supreme Court validates Obama 's health system reform law
The US Supreme Court today declared Obama 's law of reform of the health care system a constitutional victory .
By 5 votes to 4 , the judges validated the individual mandate of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act - which requires citizens to take out health insurance by 2014 , or face a fine - and declared it to be constitutional under the government 's taxing power .
The Chairman of the Supreme Court , John Roberts , joined the four most liberal members of the Court , while Judges Scalia , Thomas , Alito and Kennedy disagreed .
The Court also validated the other sections of the 2,700-page Act and , on the other hand , held that the provision of the Act on the reform of the health system , which stipulates that the threshold for the eligibility of Medicaid must be lowered if it is to lose all the federal funding of the programme , was coercive in accordance with the Constitution .
The procedure to block the law was initiated by 26 States and the National Federation of Independent Business .
All the major Republican candidates for the 2012 presidential election , including the nominated candidate Mitt Romney , strongly opposed the law .
Vibrant tribute to veterans in Menton
In the heart of the Trabuquet cemetery , civil , religious and military authorities , as well as many patriotic associations , on Friday afternoon paid tribute to the soldiers and dead of all wars .
Wreaths were laid in two of the three military squares of the cemetery by the deputy mayor Jean - Claude Guibal and various personalities .
Palestinian - Israeli clashes on the Gaza border
Four Hamas fighters were killed and five Israeli soldiers injured on Thursday evening , 31 October 2013 , in a violent clash on the Gaza - Israel border , the most serious incident in the past year .
The only power plant in the Gaza Strip ceased to operate on Friday , 1 November , after its fuel stocks were depleted , the Palestinian enclave energy authority announced .
A local commander of the Ezzedine Al - Qassam Brigades , Khaled Abu Bakr , and another officer of the Hamas armed branch , Rabieh Barikeh , were killed by tank shells during an Israeli army incursion east of Khan Younes in the southern Gaza Strip , according to local medical sources .
Two other local officials of the Al - Qassam Brigades , Mohammed al - Qassas and Mohammed Daoud , were killed when an Israeli helicopter opened fire in the same area .
Their bodies were discovered later .
According to Palestinian security sources , the four combatants were conducting a surveillance operation in the border area between the Palestinian enclave and Israel .
An attack on a Palestinian tunnel
According to the same sources and witnesses , an Israeli tank and an armoured bulldozer made a 100-metre incursion inside the territory before withdrawing .
The confrontation lasted half an hour , according to witnesses .
In a communiqué , a Hamas spokesman , Sami Abu Zuhri , paid tribute to the four " heroes " and claimed that Israeli soldiers had been killed in the confrontation .
Hamas congratulates the heroes of Al - Qassam who fell while defending the territory during a Zionist occupation incursion into Khan Younes .
Several enemies were killed and injured during the operation .
" Hamas assures that Gaza will be a hell for the occupier , " he said .
For its part , the Israeli army indicated that the target of its operation was initially a section of a large tunnel that had been dug into Israeli territory from the Palestinian enclave , discovered on 7 October and , according to the army , intended for " terrorist activities " .
Hamas claimed the use of tunnels to fight Israel , pointing out that the aim was to remove Israeli soldiers to exchange them for Palestinian prisoners .
The operation was aimed at preventing future terrorist attacks using the tunnel , " said an Israeli military communiqué .
During the operation , Hamas unleashed an explosive device against the forces of Tsahal ( the Israeli army ) and injured 5 soldiers .
Israeli attack in northern Syria
" This mission was imperative because of the risk of the terrorist tunnel being used for attacks against Israeli civilians , " said army spokesman Peter Lerner .
In addition , Israel struck an air base in north - western Syria , targeting a shipment of missiles for the Lebanese Shi'a movement Hizbullah , reported the Al - Arabiya satellite channel on Thursday .
An American official confirmed an " Israeli strike " but did not provide details on the target .
" In the past , the targets have been missiles transferred to Hizbullah , " he added .
Israeli government officials refused to confirm any information about such an attack .
Citing " exclusive sources " that it did not name , the Saudi capital chain stated that " the bombing targeted a cargo of ground - to - air missiles that were destined for Hizbullah in Lebanon " , with reference to the powerful Lebanese Shia movement that fights rebels alongside Syrian forces .
Earlier , a Syrian NGO , the Syrian Human Rights Observatory , reported several explosions on Wednesday at dawn at an air defence base in Sonar Jablé , near Lattaquie , on the Syrian coast .
This organization , based on a network of activists and medical sources , had not been able to identify the origin of the explosions .
Back in black and white for Marie Chouinard , who presents to Danse Danse her two new group choreographies : the first inspired by the inks and poems of Henri Michaux , the second inspired by the famous piano solos Gymnopédies of Satie .
An evening that allows you to see the whole Chouinard prism , ticks and white ink black .
A white screen is used as a background wall .
On the carpet , as white , in the immense space of the Théâtre Maisonneuve , advances , from profile , end like a line and clothed in black , a body .
On the screen , a Henri Michaux ink is projected .
The body , simple trait , takes its form .
And it will be the form of the whole piece : a swelling of physical imitations of the drawings .
The dancers , wholly clothed in black , only the hands and face discovered , wait on each side of the playground , rush when the next graph appears , embody it , come out in the run .
This black and white game by Henri Michaux is done in relay solos , in group unison ( a mass that makes solo ) , in a large group of twelve solos , each of which executes its sign .
One thinks of " Gloire du morne " , where , in solo , Chouinard performed a series of choreographic tasks written on cartels , placed online at the fore stage .
This is the same principle , giant PowerPoint version .
Here the music is strong , percussion and electric guitars .
Energy is high , the pace always fast .
There will be a break when Carol Prieur takes refuge under the dance carpet , to deliver , microphone in hand , with no sobriety or restraint , part of Michaux 's poem , monocorde and monotone in the cries , and will continue dancing .
And the music to go back , and the sequence to go back .
This long , energetic and sound discharge , if it can be , ends up deafening and numbnessing .
As does the regularity of the visual rhythm .
There are some beautiful flashes - the creation of images has always been a force at Chouinard - such as these hairs that get stuffed or those black fabrics that extend the lines .
But the choreographic approach lacks composition .
It seems that the choreographer , instead of meeting Michaux 's work , has made her way , with her tics .
As a result , the bodies appear flat in front of the drawings .
The Michaux inks , like Gestalt shapes , open up a broader and giboyous imagination than the more porous dance .
Only the end , in negative , with his dancers chopped with stroboscopic light and white signs in a suddenly black theatre , touches magic .
The public liked , the reception was warm .
The Gymnopaedics , after the entract , is richer .
The stage is partly draped with grey , dancers and a piano are covered with fabrics , such as furniture in a neglected house .
On the piano , dancers relayed to play the scores .
Their unpleasant , touching music gives a real fragility .
On the stage , pass couples , in love duos , very sensual , even erotic .
Group work , small solos of transitions , sets moving , choirs , writing is less binary .
Chouinard , also familiar with the red nose , appears in highly polarized male - female parades .
Love is carnassious , leaking or playing .
The gesture , the laughs and the little calls brilliantly transpose the archaic , the grace and the ridicule of the bodies into the coity , the beings that melt .
But the play takes its real flight after salvation .
A clown returns to the stage when the audience leaves .
Here everything is allowed : the fourth wall falls , the universes explored are superimposed , the dancers cabotinate , descend among the spectators , gloss , smoke , short - circuit , play codes of applause , stretch the sauce into a skilfully calculated disorder that remains sensual .
Joy and madness transpire , and it is Chouinard 's art , there , to contaminate the public .
Google , Samsung and Huawei are the subject of legal proceedings concerning Nortel patents
The group with thousands of old Nortel patents began an avalanche of patent lawsuits on Thursday against mobile phone manufacturers , including Google , the company that it headed to the pole when it auctioned patents that took place after Nortel 's bankruptcy .
Rockstar , the consortium that acquired the Nortel patents for $ 4.5 billion , filed a complaint against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd , HTC Corp , Huawei and four other companies for patent infringement before the United States Court of Assistance in Texas .
Rockstar is jointly owned by Apple , Microsoft , Blackberry , Ericsson and Sony .
Google is accused of having violated seven patents .
Patents contain technologies that allow advertisements to be displayed in connection with search terms on the Internet , the conclusions of the trial , which is Google 's core business .
It was not possible to reach representatives of Samsung , Huawei , HTC and Rockstar .
Samsung , Huawei and HTC make phones that work under Google 's Android operating system , which faces fierce competition for Apple and Microsoft mobile products .
In 2011 , Google made an initial offer of $ 900 million for Nortel 's patents .
Google has increased its offer several times , finally offering $ 4.4B.
After losing the Nortel patents in front of Rockstar , Google subsequently acquired Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion , a contract partly based on Motorola 's patent library .
" Although it failed in its attempt to acquire the patents at issue during the auction , Google violated and continues to violate the patents , " the trial concluded .
Rockstar claims greater damages against Google , as it claims that Google 's patent violation is obstinate , according to the complainant .
Explosion of a house in Gesves : a defective water heater causing the explosion
The grandmother reportedly lit a cigarette when she leaks gas .
The explosion of a house in Gesves , which caused two serious injuries on Friday morning , a 52-year - old grandmother and his 5-year - old grandson , was due to a leak of gas from a defective water heater , said on Friday evening the King 's prosecutor replaced .
The expert dispatched by the Public Prosecutor 's Office ensures that the origin of the explosion is purely accidental .
The grandmother lit a cigarette when there was a leak and gas accumulation .
The vital prognosis of the two victims is still in progress .
The grandmother was projected by the explosion and was seriously burned .
The little boy , who was staying with his grandfather and his companion , was beside him and was burned more lightly .
" The two victims were intubated and long conditioned on the spot before being taken to the CHU in Liège , by helicopter , in an ambulance , " said the bourgmestre José Paulet , who was taken to the scene .
Traumatized , the grandfather was on the floor at the time of the explosion .
He was able to reach the ground floor by the staircase that remained intact and the back wall of the house was completely destroyed .
The grandfather and the tenant of the neighbouring house , fragiled by the explosion , were relocated by the President of the CPAS .
The Andenne and Namur firefighters and the Arches police intervened .
Crisnea 's civil protection has stabilized both buildings .
Egypt calls on the first freely elected President to take the oath of office
Mohamed Morsi took the oath of investiture , but his day of triumph is unlikely to mark the end of political conflict in Egypt .
Islamist Mohamed Morsi promised the emergence of a " new Egypt " when he took the oath of presidency , thus becoming the first freely elected president to succeed Hosni Mubarak , who was removed from power 16 months earlier .
In his inauguration before the High Constitutional Court , Mr. Morsi also became the first freely elected Islamist president of the Arab world and the fifth head of State of Egypt since the overthrow of the monarchy 60 years ago .
He was sworn in in front of the Court 's 18 black - dress judges whose building on the edge of the Nile was built to resemble an Egyptian temple .
" We look forward to a new Egypt and a second republic , " said President Morsi during the solemn live television ceremony .
" Today , the Egyptian people have laid the foundations for a new life - absolute freedom , true democracy and stability , " said Mr. Morsi , a 60-year - old engineer trained in the United States from the Muslim Brotherhood , a fundamentalist group that has been regarded for more than 84 years since its formation as an illegal organization and harshly repressed by successive governments .
Hundreds of soldiers and police officers kept the building when Mr. Morsi arrived shortly after 11 a.m. , local time , followed by a small convoy .
Only a few hundred supporters had gathered before the Court to acclaim the new President , and , departing from the fast Mubarak presidential years , traffic was only briefly interrupted to allow his convoy to pass through the busy streets linking downtown to the southern suburbs .
Considered to be the uncharismatic " rescue wheel " of the Muslim Brotherhood , his personal prestige has grown considerably since his victory and his Friday speech , in which he tried to present himself as the candidate not only of the Islamists but of all those who want to end the work begun in the 2011 uprising against the authoritarian President Mubarak .
" Egypt is today a civil , national , constitutional and modern state , " said Mohamed Morsi , in a blue and red tie costume , speaking to the judges in the woodworking hall where he was sworn in .
Later , Mr. Morsi went to the University of Cairo where he delivered his inaugural speech .
He was officially welcomed by a military fanfare that played the national anthem as he stood at you .
Marshal Hussein Tantaou attended the ceremony .
Upon his arrival , he was welcomed by the song " The People and Army , Hand in Hand ... " sponsored by thousands of people gathered in the University 's great amphitheatre .
Founded in 1908 and an ancient bastion of secular education , the University of Cairo later became a fief of Islamic student groups in the 1970s .
Mr. Morsi took a symbolic oath on Friday in Tahrir Square , from which the uprising that ended Mubarak 's authoritarian regime last year was left , and swore to regain the presidential powers of which the military council , which replaced the former evinced president , dispossessed him .
But by agreeing to take an official oath before the Court , rather than before Parliament as it is usual , he is inclined to the will of the army by showing that the struggle for power is not over .
Morsi 's speech on Tahrir Square was accompanied by spectacular populist gestures .
US shutdown slowed car market growth
The 16-day closure of most federal administrations affected the growth in car sales in the US in October , showing the figures published on Friday by manufacturers , with five of the top six performing below expectations .
Detroit 's three major manufacturers show double - digit growth compared to October 2012 , but only General Motors has done better than expected .
Analysts expected an average of 15.4 million annualized and seasonally adjusted sales , but the market was estimated to be $ 15.3 million by Adam Jonas , Morgan Stanley 's analyst .
In a note to the bank 's customers , he believes that this slight brake is primarily due to " the government ' shutdown ' and its impact on consumer sentiment in the first half of the month " .
Nevertheless , GM reported an increase of almost 16 % in sales last month to 226,402 vehicles , compared to 211,563 expected by consensus .
The group 's four brands have seen their trade performance improve compared to October 2012 .
Ford , which continues to benefit from , among other things , the success of its pick - up , saw its sales grow from 14 % over one year to 191,985 vehicles , while the consensus was waiting for 194,301 .
For its part , Chrysler , controlled by Fiat , announced an 11 % increase in sales to 140,083 vehicles , compared to 143,536 expected .
Toyota and Nissan also show sales below consensus , despite year - over - year increases of 8.8 % and 14.2 % respectively .
On the New York Stock Exchange , the GM share earned 1.4 % at 16:35 GMT , while Ford sold 1.1 % .
Renault on the market by Nissan 's warning
Renault shows the strongest fall in the SBF 120 index in Paris on Friday after his partner Nissan Motor announced that he had reduced his annual net profit forecast by almost 20 % , reporting traders .
Nissan , who had to carry out such a review , also announced a re - engineering of his management .
Several traders reported that the Renault action was affected this morning by the " warning " .
" This is clearly Nissan 's warning profit , " says a broker in charge of a Parisian broker .
Under the Renault - Nissan alliance , Renault owns 43.4 % of Nissan 's capital and the Japanese builder 15 % of French , according to Nissan website data .
Greece : two deaths in a shooting near a Neo - Nazi party compound
Two people were killed and one was seriously wounded on Friday night by shootings by two people on a motorcycle passing over a neo - Nazi golden dawn in the western suburbs of Athens , it was learned from police sources .
The police were not at present in a position to provide information on the identity of the victims and their political affiliation .
Some Greek media reported that members of Golden Dawn had claimed that the victims were guards of their premises .
The injured person was immediately hospitalized , according to the same source .
Police officers from the counter - terrorism service dispatched to the central avenue of the Neo Iraklio suburbs , where the incident took place and closed the area .
The incident occurred a few weeks after the indictment of six deputies from Golden Aube , including the leader and founder of the party , for participation in a " criminal organization " in an offensive against the party after the death of an anti - fascist musician by one of its members .
Scott Brown 's appeal dismissed
Scott Brown , the captain of the Celtic Glasgow , has seen his appeal rejected and will be well suspended for the next two club Champions League games , against Ajax and AC Milan .
Expelled against Barça for a blow to Neymar , the Scottish community saw its suspension extended to three meetings by UEFA .
In a press release , his club said it was " very disappointed " that his appeal was fully justified .
Nearly 50,000 households are deprived of electricity throughout the province shortly after midday , due to high winds in many areas along the St. Lawrence River .
The areas most affected are the Laurentians with 15,042 subscribers in the black , the Montérégie with 13,464 and the Outaouais with 8642 .
The greater Montreal area also experienced a number of failures , with nearly 7,000 private power homes in the metropolitan area and in Laval .
Did you think that the travel agencies belonged to the past because of the Internet ?
Flight Centre seems to reverse the trend .
The company has revised its net profit forecast upwards and hopes for record results from the Australian and UK vacationers .
The travel agency now expects to realize an underlying profit over the year as a whole between $ 325 million and $ 340 million before taxes , compared to a previous forecast of $ 305 million to $ 315 million .
If the current forecast is met , this will represent 12 - 17 % growth from the record $ 290.4 million in 2011/12 .
The Executive Director , Graham Turner , stated that Flight Centre had made 8 per cent profits in the first half of the year and that the second half of the year had started in force , particularly with respect to non - business travel to Australia and the United Kingdom .
" Since the beginning of the year , the 10 countries in which we are present are profitable , and many are on track to achieve record results for the entire year before interest and taxes are deducted , " he said .
This concerns Australia and the United Kingdom , which are generally the countries with the largest profits .
In Australia , the leisure travel sector rebounded in the second half of the year , compensating for a slightly declining domestic business travel market .
As well , in the UK , Flight Centre 's leisure travel sector has performed well , while business clients have spent less .
Its subsidiary in the United States recovered its losses in the first half of the year , when seasonal demand was lower and was expected to earn a profit throughout the year for the third consecutive time .
Flight Centre shares increased by 3 cents to $ 38.20 yesterday .
Unknowns shoot at a hotel near Cairo pyramids
Unknown hugs opened fire on Friday on a hotel close to the Cairo pyramids in Egypt with no casualties , as a result of an apparent dispute with laid - off employees .
The attackers flew , said the spokesman for the Ministry of the Interior , General Abdel Latif .
This attack comes at a time when Egypt has received virtually no tourists since the army removed Islamist President Mohamed Morsi in early July and bloodshed its supporters ' demonstrations .
Schools are encouraged to focus more on mathematics , spelling and grammar
As part of the English literature classes , students will have to study at least one play by Shakespeare , a nineteenth - century novel , a romantic poem and a contemporary British fiction work from 1914 to the present .
The review will also include " new texts " to encourage a more diverse reading .
A combined literature and English language course will be deleted .
Beginning in 2015 , students will have to pass an independent language GES and will be strongly encouraged to choose a separate qualification in English literature .
The Department of Education is due to publish tomorrow its new English and math programs - the first subjects to undergo radical revision .
It will make changes in other key areas next year .
In addition , Ofqual , the Examinations Regulatory Office , will unveil a re - design of the ESCM structure , with a new scoring system and fewer courses .
Speaking over the summer , Education Minister Michael Gove said there was " a broad consensus on the need to reform our test system to restore public confidence , " stressing that ESGCs will be " more stimulating , more ambitious and more rigorous . "
Studies show that English schools spend less time on maths ( 116 hours per year , or 3 hours per week during the school year ) than most other countries .
In comparison , Australian schools offer an average of 143 hours per year , and students in Singapore work about 138 hours .
Although there is no formal obligation to spend more time on maths , sources close to the coalition government have indicated that the in - depth maths GSEG - as well as the greater emphasis on subjects in the international rankings - would likely encourage schools to provide more hours of instruction .
The programme will focus more on " real world problems " , including financial mathematics .
This judgment means that a law adopted in July in that State , which greatly undermines the right to abortion , will be able to enter into force .
Octogenary welcomes children with rifle in Muy for Halloween
Minors aged 9 and 13 used door - to - door for sweets in the evening of Halloween .
One of the riparians of the Muy area visited by the children opened the door by holding his shotgun .
The old man , aged 86 , told the gendarmes that he had been afraid .
His weapon was seized .
The former head of Gestapo buried in a Jewish cemetery
Müller , who disappeared at the end of the Second World War without ever being traced , was actually buried in a mass grave of a Jewish cemetery in Berlin , says the leader of the German Memorial of Resistance , Professor Johannes Tuchel , in Bild .
Müller did not survive the end of the war .
" His body was buried in 1945 in a grave at the Berlin - Mitte Jewish cemetery , " he said , " and he was able to draw on archival material to the daily .
This revelation , 68 years after the end of Adolf Hitler 's Nazi regime , would respond to one of the great enigmas of the postwar period .
In the summer of 1949 , Müller was in Karlovy Vary , then in Czechoslovakia , according to a document obtained by Bild .
The secret services were totally wrong .
" As early as August 1945 , Müller 's body was found in a temporary grave near the former Reich Aviation Department by a commando , " said Mr. Tuchel .
He wore " a general uniform " .
" In the left interior pocket , he said , " his service was with a photo . "
Bild also publishes a document from the district town hall of Mitte in Berlin indicating that he was buried in the Jewish cemetery of the district .
The President of the Central Council of Jews of Germany , Dieter Graumann , expressed shock at this revelation .
That one of the most brutal Nazi sadies be buried in a Jewish cemetery is an enormity of bad taste .
" The memory of the victims is grossly crowded , " he insurged in the newspaper .
Heinrich Müller is one of the important figures of the Third Reich who have never been captured .
He participated in the Wannsee conference in January 1942 , which decided on the " final solution " and , in particular , under his orders Adolf Eichmann , responsible for the " logistics " of the extermination of Jews , sentenced to death and executed in Israel in 1962 .
Pamela Anderson cuts her blonde emblematic loops and adopts a spectacular boy cut .
Pamela 's blonde loops have become famous for its role in the sexy Alert series in Malibu .
Pamela Anderson is the last celebrity to shock his fans with a spectacular new hairdresser .
The pretty nana d'Alert in Malibu left his long blond hair dropped against a male blonde platinum cut .
The 46-year - old actress unveiled her new look while walking in L.A. Wednesday and shared a photo on her Twitter page .
This is the first time in 20 years that the pretty blonde gets her hair cut , and we are fan of discreet change .
What do you think about Pammy hair ?
Tell us what you think of in the comments below .
He walks in mud , jungle and crosses rivers to offer free medical assistance
Dr. Georges Bwelle provides free health care in Cameroonian villages
Dr. Bwelle and her team spend almost every weekend seeing hundreds of patients
There are not many doctors in this West African country , barely 1 per 5,000 inhabitants .
Vote here or via your mobile device
Dr. Georges Bwelle is one of 10 CNN Heroes in 2013 .
You can vote for him , or one of the other 10 heroes , to elect " Hero CNN of the Year " .
This person will receive $ 250,000 to continue his extraordinary work .
For 21 years , Georges Bwelle watched his sick father alter the periods of conscience and unconsciousness and go to hospitals that were not equipped to help him .
Jamef Bwelle was injured in a car accident in 1981 near Yaoundé , the capital of Cameroon .
Initially , he had only a broken arm , but he contracted an infection that spread to his brain , creating a hematoma , the sequelae of which he would carry the rest of his life .
" There were no neurosurgeons in Cameroon , " said Georges Bwelle .
We would have taken him abroad if we had had enough money .
Instead , Dr. Bwelle has spent years accompanying his father in crowded clinics and hospitals to get any treatment he could get .
" It 's not easy , " says Bwelle .
You can leave the house at 5 am , ride in hospital to be the first , and you are not the first .
There are many patients .
People can die because they wait too long .
The situation has not changed much since Dr. Bwelle 's father died in 2002 .
In Cameroon , there are only 1 doctor per 5,000 inhabitants , according to the World Health Organization .
In comparison , the ratio in the United States is 1 physician per 413 inhabitants .
And even if they could see a doctor , many Cameroonians could not pay for the consultation .
Two out of every five people in the country live below the poverty line , and almost three quarters of the country 's health expenditure is in the private sector .
" The only problem they have is poverty , " said Dr. Bwelle .
And because of poverty , they can not enjoy life .
After seeing his father and his fellow countrymen suffering , Dr. Bwelle was determined to try to make a difference .
Dr. Georges Bwelle and his team of volunteers have performed over 700 surgical procedures free of charge over the past year .
He became a doctor himself , working as a vascular surgeon at Yaoundé Central Hospital .
And he created a non - profit humanitarian association , ASCOVIME , which visits rural areas on weekends to provide free health care .
Since 2008 , he and his group of volunteers have assisted nearly 32,000 people .
Almost every Friday , with 30 people , they are crowded in vans after fixing the medical equipment on the roof and crossing difficult terrain to the villages most in need .
The luck does not always follow them .
They have repeatedly pushed vehicles across muddy rivers or trails .
But when they arrive , they are received as heroes : the community organizes a party , song and dance and offers them the best available housing .
In these villages , free health care is a good reason to celebrate , and Dr. Bwelle - with his great smile and overburdening energy - is more than happy to join the celebrations .
The next morning , the team begins to receive hundreds of patients .
" We receive 500 people every time we visit , " said Mr. Bwelle .
They sometimes live 60 km from the village , and they come on foot .
In this itinerant hospital , various health care is provided .
Many people are treated for malaria , tuberculosis , malnutrition , diabetes , parasites and sexually transmitted diseases .
Others may receive crutches , a pair of goggles collected , or a free birth certificate - a document needed to go to school , but many poor families simply can not afford to buy it .
In the evening , the team performs simple surgery under local anaesthesia .
Operations are usually performed in a school , town hall or home ; after the intervention , the patient rises and goes to the wake - up room to leave his / her place to the next person .
Thanks to the lighting of the generator , the operating room and equipment sterilization , Dr. Bwelle and his volunteers work until the early hours of Sunday morning .
It is an exquisite rhythm , but village musicians generally help the team stay motivated .
" They hit drums all night to keep us awakened so we can continue working , " said Mr. Bwelle .
On Sunday , the team returns to town , tired but proud of the work she has done .
The group , made up of Cameroonian doctors and medical students , had performed 700 surgical procedures free of charge over the past year , and he knew that their presence could make all the difference for those to whom they assisted .
One man explained that his free operation to treat a hern would allow him to work again .
" It 's going to change my future and that of my family , " he said .
In addition to living this mobile hospital and working as a hospital surgeon , Dr. Bwelle also works at night in private medical offices around Yaoundé .
This is the second job , he explains , which finances 60 % of his association ; the rest is covered by private donations .
" I do n't know when he sleeps , " said Katie O'Malley , a second - year medical student from Drexel University in Philadelphia and a volunteer with Dr. Bwelle 's group .
He is still in hospital or trying to find money for his association so that he can run these campaigns .
For medical students and nursing students like Katie O'Malley , who come from the United States and Europe to join Mr. Bwelle in his missions , this is a field learning opportunity that they do not have at home .
" Operations have been conducted to help sponge the blood or to pass the instruments to Dr. Bwelle , " said Ms. O'Malley .
This is not something you have the opportunity to do in America when you are a second - year medical student .
Volunteer students usually pay their trip to Cameroon , and often arrive with medical equipment collected .
But once in Yaoundé , their pension , transportation and education are taken care of by Dr. Bwelle .
" It 's a hero , there 's no doubt , " said Katie O'Malley .
He gives his life for this association , and his desire to help the people of Cameroon is not close to extinguishing .
For Dr. Bwelle , the relatively constant workload is not a problem .
Helping others live happily by keeping the promise he made to his father is something that brings great joy to him .
" I am so happy when I do this job , " said Mr. Bwelle .
And I think of my father .
I hope he sees what I do .
Laughing people and relieving pain are the reasons why I do that .
Visit the ASCOVIME website to see how to help .
Pierre Nora 's two Frances
Perplexes , academics have long struggled to define and locate Pierre Nora .
Teacher in the amphitheatre and classrooms ?
Perhaps , but by pointing out its weak for the crossroads , Sciences - Po , the Hautes Etudes .
Arbitrator of the works of others in his office on Gaston - Gallimard Street ?
In fact , but by ignoring the publisher 's hidden work and underground writing .
Heir to the armchair that Fontenel occupied at the French Academy ?
Of course , but knowing that such a sacre can not replace the true holy oil , the thesis , which has happened .
They recognized in him a great awakener , facilitator and federator of their work , but pointed out that he was reluctant to produce it himself .
To this uncertain image the monument of the " Places of Remembrance " , to which he attached his name , also contributed .
The wicked languages saw it as a gigantic flea market , presented by an intelligent commentator , with a keen eye and a scholarly , yet incurably diletant one .
The two books published by Nora soon two years ago have already established that the one who passed not to write had a lot and well written .
The book here should give it justice .
Yet , once again , the temptation of ubiquity , intellectual vagrancy , jubilation jumps from one subject to another .
But it is quickly understood that the disparate objects gathered in this book in such a beautiful title bring the broker back to one and the same passion : to discover the node of the French identity .
Why these dramatic calls to national unity ?
Identity : it is a concern of time .
Little below , we were collectively invited to give a definition .
But , in the peremptory spirit of our leaders at the time , French identity was a timeless essence .
It was only necessary to deploy the accidents , and the case of jacobinism was entrusted to the prefects and sub - prefects , authorized interpreters .
The one that Pierre Nora traced is quite different .
He does not stand as a heir to eternal frankness , he refuses to the definition .
An analyst worried about a familiar strange , he erred in a forest of symbols , stopped every step by an object in the form of rebuses , tormented with irritating questions .
Which one is from the company itself : why , in a country that is so long - standing on its borders , so long - time carpented and firmly masoned , are these dramatic calls to unity heard ?
They are so pressing , suggests Pierre Nora , only to overcome the disorder born out of the discords of French history .
Francs and Gaulois , Armagnacs and Bourguignon , Catholic and Protestant : the forces of division here are very old .
And , of course , the most emblematic is the one that split national history .
From the earthquake of the Revolution , the French had two stories and had two nations , one monarch and the other revolutionary .
The second wanted the death of the first , but did not succeed in denying it ; on the contrary , interested in finding its sacrality and all the more eager with unity and indivisibility that it had cut its head from the one who was the obvious and powerful embodiment of it .
And , from there , an invincibly binary nation , shared between the left and the right , secularism and Catholicism , adoration and hatred of the revolution .
To make this singularity of French identity felt , nothing is worth the four steps out of the Hexagon , so that the American escapade of Pierre Nora may well be the heart of his book .
Because America and France have both made a revolution , drafted a declaration of rights , and wanted to found a new society .
But US cousinage is all the better to highlight what is our own .
There , men who had left their Old Regime in England and no longer had to worry about it .
Here , men clugged with an ancient indigenous regime , and all the more radical .
This is a consensual revolution when here it sowed the drama and confidence .
Here are still honoured founding fathers , and here are revolutionary ancestors , who are hard to model , and who have , moreover , died .
This is an institutional constancy , and here a cascade of constitutions , such as mistakes to catch up and tests to be repeated .
The France that is leaving , the France that is coming .
But there was a time when the French believed they could get rid of the torn dress of their history , and defeat the curse of the two .
At this central and creative moment , Pierre Nora has shown a great deal of interest and even tenderness : saluting those who then worked to repair the revolutionary divide , teaching schoolchildren everything that in the old France obscurely prepared modern France and offering them a unified version of their history .
But that peaceful identity has only had a time .
Here again , it is being debated , shaken by a new type of immigration , threatened by the rise of claimant minorities , absorbed into the European area .
The book therefore offers both the fascinating portrait of France that is leaving and the cautious sketch of France that comes .
With the historian 's portrait as a bonus , which should reserve some surprises .
The road was found to be a barracksman .
The man of multiple curiosities turned , slightly obsessive , around the same idea .
The edges roded in the centre of the centre .
And the one who had deposited more than half a century ago a subject on the idea of nation , but had evaded the initiative exercise of the thesis , entrusts us , cum grano salis , that he will have done it .
Certainly in a less stiff , sharper and more subtle form .
But let us not be mistaken , just as binding .
For much more than the figure imposed in the university curriculum , this thesis says the internal necessity of a life .
A former hostage in Lebanon : " Return is quite complex to manage "
Abducted in Beirut on 8 March 1986 with three members of his team of " Antenna 2 " who came to film a Hezbollah demonstration , the journalist Jean - Louis Normandin was released almost 21 months later , on 27 November 1987 .
Retired since 2008 , he was involved in the creation in 2004 of the hostage association " Hostages du Monde " , which he has chaired for several years .
Its main objective is to obtain the possibility for hostages to lodge complaints and bring their hostage - takers before the International Criminal Court .
The four hostages of Aqmi ( Al - Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb ) Daniel Larribe , Thierry Dol , Pierre Legrand and Marc Féret were released on Tuesday .
After medical examinations at the Val - de - Grace military hospital on Wednesday afternoon , they have since been able to find their families .
And gradually try to get their lives back on track .
" The New Observer " asked Jean - Louis Normandin , age 62 , ex grand reporter , retired since 2008 , president of the association " Hostages du monde " .
From the evening of your release , you were on the plateau of " Antenna 2 " .
What are your memories of your release today ?
In particular , in Beirut .
When I am released , I find myself in the trunk of a car where I meet - without seeing it because it is black - Roger Auque .
He tells me ' we are released ' , but I am not sure , and tells me that we can still be killed .
We are very excited , but very tense too .
It is war , and those who lead us are also very tense .
They put us on the edge of a sidewalk .
There are Syrian military personnel .
We then arrive at the Summerland Hotel where the press is present .
French people take us to the French Embassy .
This is the time for the first wire strokes to parents , family , friends , the press ...
I remember bathing for an hour .
And have dinner in t - shirt at the Embassy of France .
I also remember a short night talking with Roger and Marchiani .
The tension is still there because we do not have the means to evacuate to Larnaca airport in Cyprus .
Arriving there by helicopter , a private plane is taken to France via Corfou and Solenzara , where Pasqua boards .
How did you arrive on French soil ?
We landed in Orly .
Chirac , Prime Minister , is there .
It is a bit brutal .
There is an incredible shake .
And many media .
When I left there were three television stations .
I come back and there is full of it .
The descent from the stairs of the plane , the reunions with my son and relatives , my friends , is all extremely emotional .
From the airport to my home , many bikes follow our car that Roussin drives .
Bikers are pulling their feet to make pictures and follow me to my home where I have to do the police a bit to prevent some from climbing .
The pressure is enormous .
It does n't stop , we are well placed to know it ...
But the state of emotion and fatigue is such that it is difficult to see it clear .
You get out of a hole and you are suddenly under the media lights .
It is a bit complicated , a bit violent , quite complex to manage .
But the hardest thing was done .
I 'm at 8 pm on the evening , the next day I 'm on TV .
Then begins a kind of life rehabilitation , very gently , for one or two months that are a bit like holidays .
How did the medical examinations and debriefing DGSE take place ?
I was entitled to a first medical check - up in Corsica .
The rest was done in the Val - de - Grace on the following days : radios , examinations of all kinds and meetings with a psychiatrist .
It is not a meeting that does everything , but we know that we can count on him , remind him if necessary , that we are not delivered to ourselves .
That is part of the procedure .
I also met with the intelligence services .
They asked me questions about hostage - takers .
That was logical .
It did not hinder me .
How do you react today to the release of the four hostages in Niger ?
I am listening to what is being said .
The debate on ransoms in particular .
Some things , some less .
I am trying to do something between the questions about my past as a hostage and my cap as president of the association " Hostages du Monde " , which allows me to set a distance , and seems to me to be much more interesting to discuss .
I wonder , for example , about the definition of resilience .
Above all , I am fighting , together with others , for the recognition of the legal status of the hostage .
I think there is a problem with semantics .
The taking of hostages must be characterized as " political " hostage - taking , which is the case most often , and allow the hostages to have access to justice , to lodge complaints and to bring their hostage - takers before the International Criminal Court .
Today , once again , everyone is in compassion , emotion , and looks forward to the release of these hostages .
But who says that perhaps these hostages could also have access to justice ?
A court in The Hague is done for that .
Why should we not tell hostage - takers ' you have flouted the rules of war , like those of all the Geneva Conventions , we will bring you to justice ' ?
It seems to me , however , to be well - founded , legitimate and struck by common sense .
This message is heard , but not listened to , and I am shocked .
That is my main fight .
Egyptian Islamists on the streets to denounce Morsi 's trial
Anger is spreading among the ranks of Egyptian Islamists .
Two days before the trial of the deprived President , Mohamed Morsi , was opened , they were taken to the streets .
A mobilization throughout Egypt to call for the restoration of the country 's first democratically elected president .
It is not a trial to highlight this activist of the Muslim Brotherhood .
So far , no lawyer has been able to meet him and no volunteer has been able to take a copy of the documents .
It is not a trial , it is a farce .
President Morsi 's trial is a false trial , a pro - Morsi , who is supposed to have Sisi tried , not the opposite .
Morsi must judge Sisi for the massacres in Rabaa , the massacres in Nahda , and the massacre in the Republican Guard .
Sisi is a liar and traitor .
Clashes broke out in Alexandria , police used tear gas , and 60 demonstrators were arrested .
On Monday , 20,000 police officers will be deployed in front of the Cairo Police Academy , where Mohamed Morsi will be tried .
Hagel criticizes 9 US states for violating homosexual rights
Since the Federal State recognized homosexual marriage , " all military spouses have the right to a Defence Department ID card and the benefits that come with it , " the Minister in New York recalled in a speech to the Anti - Defamation League to combat anti - Semitism .
" But some states refuse to issue such cards to same - sex spouses in the National Guard facilities " , he denounced , alleging violations of federal law and the principle of equality .
Without these cards , they can not benefit from the many health and social services provided on these bases , or access their stores .
The Secretary of Defence stated that he directed the Chief of the National Guard , General Frank Grass , to ensure the implementation of the federal law .
The frond of the nine states began with Texas , which refuses to implement these benefits on the Texan National Guard settlements , due to a conflict between the Texan law and the federal law on homosexual marriage .
He was joined in his refusal by Indiana , Georgia , Florida , Mississippi , Louisiana , Oklahoma , South Carolina and West Virginia , according to a senior defence official .
The Pentagon estimates the population concerned by the recognition of homosexual marriage to be about 5600 active persons , 17,000 including the National Guard , the reserve and pensioners .
Sixth edition of the Play Skateboard this Saturday in Hyères
The sixth edition of the Play Skateboard takes place on Saturday , November 2 at the skate park in Hyères .
Organised by the SK8 Unity section of the Bump Association , the competition should bring together the best skaters in the region .
Registration is on - site Saturday morning starting at 9 a.m. and the qualification phases will start at 10 a.m. prior to the final at 3 p.m. and the awarding of prizes at 4 p.m.
The public will be able to admire the technical achievements of young people who , for some , are already competing at the highest level , as is the case with the young hyerois Lorenzo Palumbo .
Only 10 years ago , he already won his place this year for the European championships in Copenhagen , and he does not like to go back to competitors that exceed him by three heads .
Toronto Mayor hunts journalists who came to question him about a drug case
In Canada , the Mayor of Toronto is suspected of drug use , according to several media .
A video handed over to the court seems to support these suspicions .
The person concerned , Rob Ford , has always denied that he had used crack , while acknowledging that he had a penchant for cannabis .
This Thursday , he expelled several journalists from his property .
We also think that sometimes images do not need to be explained or commented on .
A case of rabies detected in a cat in Val - d'Oise
The authorities announced on Thursday 31 October that one case of rabies had been detected in a cat in Val - d'Oise , which is clearly of foreign origin , while France has been free of indigenous cases since 2001 .
The cat was found on 25 October in Argenteuil and died on 28 October .
The diagnosis of rabies was confirmed by the Pasteur Institute .
" An epidemiological investigation has been initiated in order to identify and take care of persons who could have come into contact with this cat between 8 October and 28 October included , " the Ministries of Health and Agriculture said .
" Five people who have been in contact with the cat have already been identified " and have received preventive treatment .
" In humans , the preventive treatment of human rabies , given after contact with the carrier animal , but before the onset of symptoms , is very effective , " the communication states .
The departments now call persons who were bitten , clawed , scratched , or leached on a mucous membrane or skin damaged by the cat or whose animal was in contact with the cat between 8 and 28 October to contact 08.11.00.06.95 between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. from 1 November .
" Since France has been rabies free since 2001 , this catton or the mother has been imported from another country , not free " , according to the communiqué .
The Ministry of Agriculture states that the last " indigenous " case of rabies was recorded in December 1998 on a fox , and that " France is officially declared free of this disease in November 2001 by the Office International des Epizooties ( OIE ) " .
One case of rabies on a dog illegally imported from the Gambia had been recorded in 2008 .
" Rabies is a life - threatening disease if not treated in a timely manner " , reminds departments that rabies is transmitted for almost 15 days before the onset of the disease 's first symptoms .
Obama reverses his reform of the health system
Under an avalanche of criticism , President Obama returned yesterday to his unambiguous and often repeated promise that " if you are satisfied with your health care system , you can keep it " .
After hundreds of thousands of people received notices of termination from their claimants , the Republicans have criticized the President for the past few days , accusing him of deceiving the American people .
Yesterday , Barack Obama adjusted his original promise .
" The vast majority of people with health insurance that suits them can keep it , " he said in a speech in Boston .
Speaking of what he calls " topical efforts " about the terminations , President Obama has encouraged the Americans receiving these opinions to seek new market insurance .
Most people will be able to obtain comprehensive and better - adapted health care systems for the same price , if not even cheaper than expected .
" You 're going to win , " he said .
The Authority has announced that it should not be surprised if the 5 % of the population who insure themselves are forced to change their plans because their coverage does not meet the new standards required under the Affordable Care Act .
" Let me address these Americans directly : you deserve better , " said Kathleen Sebelius in his testimony to the Energy and Trade Committee in Washington .
Ms. Sebelius , who oversees the implementation of the Affordable Care Act , indicated that the October launch of the online market had failed " miserably " .
" I am as frustrated and irritated as anyone , " she added .
I look forward to regaining your confidence .
It was an exasperated Kathleen Sebelius who delivered this sentence , while believing her micro - cut , speaking to an assistant sitting behind her at yesterday 's sitting of the Assembly following an exchange of views with Billy Long , the Missouri Republican representative , as to whether she should join the Obamacare .
For more than three hours , Billy Long insisted on asking Ms. Sebelius why the " architect " of the Affordable Care Act did not voluntarily renounce government - sponsored insurance to buy a plan through HealthCare.gov , which she now boasts millions of Americans .
Vettel stranded a special helmet in Abu Dhabi
The happy elected Jake Vite Prekop has combined the colours of the car brand and the German flag , while integrating the concepts of speed and heat at the track level .
German Sebastian Vettel , a quadruple Formula 1 world champion , strangled for the free trials of the Grand Prix d'Abu Dhabi on Friday a special helmet whose design was made by a 21-year - old Mexican fan .
Vettel has chosen from 1,500 drawings sent from all over the world , as part of a contest launched by one of the sponsors , a car brand , of its stable .
He was invited to follow the GP of Abu Dhabi , with a friend , so can see the German champion closely , on the track and in his booth .
Vettel was to wear this helmet on Friday and Saturday , on trial .
It is likely that he will have another special Sunday helmet for the race to mark his 4th consecutive world title .
Aubervilliers launches Suburban Party
Let us not be mistaken .
In the spirit of Abdel - Malik Djermoune , its founder , the " Party of the Suburbs " , is not only directed at the suburbs .
I chose a map of France as a logo , he justifies .
When I speak of the suburbs , I speak to all those who are excluded from the great national family .
However , his project , presented on Thursday at a press conference in his home commune of Aubervilliers , was born out of the desire to better defend multiculturalism , this great melting pot of culture , which characterises the neighbourhoods above all .
My proposal 1 is to create a ministry of multiculturalism , he says .
Abdel - Malik Djermoun , a 50-year - old territorial attaché , claims today as " 100 % apolitical " even though he has not always been neutral .
Activist in 2002 alongside Jean - Pierre Chevénéne , he later supported local Dominique de Villepin between 2010 and 2011 .
I know that the values of equality that I advocate in my program are tied to the left , but if the right - wing people are willing to support me , I will listen to them , he says .
Only to the extremist parties I am not talking about .
In addition to multiculturalism , Abdel - Malik Djermoune has built his programme - consultable on the Internet - on the basis of many themes that are supposed to speak to suburbs and , in particular , young people : the right to vote for foreigners , the legalization of cannabis , the civil majority at the age of 16 , the rehabilitation of the office of building guardian ...
It is still a matter of finding candidates to form lists and defend their ideas on the political scene . " For the 2014 municipal elections , this is likely to be fair , " he says .
It is a problem of time and money .
The Suburban Party should still be represented in Aubervilliers through my candidature and I also hope in other cities .
Abdel - Malik Djermoune already has seven heads of list in metropolitan France and Martinique .
" And the support mails I have received since yesterday do not all come from the suburbs " he is delighted .
John Kerry admitted , unprecedentedly , that American espionage " went too far "
John Kerry indicated a sharpening of the US defensive attitude to its surveillance programs by admitting , unprecedented , that on several occasions espionage " went too far " .
The Secretary of State also admitted that he had , like Barack Obama , ruled on " automatic pilot " when a series of incendiary revelations by whistleblower Edward Snowden about the NSA 's espionage activities came to light .
The leaks put the US government at the centre of a diplomatic storm with its allies .
Speaking at an intergovernmental conference in London by video link , Mr Kerry said : " It is undeniable that the President , myself and other members of the government have seen some things in automatic pilot mode , because we have the possibility , from the Second World War to the difficult years of the Cold War and , of course , on 11 September . "
He then became the first high - ranking member of the United States government to admit that American espionage had gone beyond its borders , but insisted that everyone 's rights had not been violated .
He said , " In some cases , it has gone too far . "
And the President is determined to try to clarify and make it clear to people that he is now undertaking a thorough review of these practices so that no one feels wrong .
I assure you that innocent people will not be abused in this process .
Mr. Kerry stressed , however , that the NSA was a force for the good and that its surveillance operations had saved many lives .
He added : " We live in a new world where people are ready to jump . "
There is radical extremism in the world that is determined to try to kill people , blow them up and attack governments .
What if you could intercept their communications and stop them before they act ?
We did not allow the planes to fall , the buildings to explode and people to be murdered because we were able to see the facts in advance .
In the meantime , US legislators will travel to Europe to address concerns about the alleged US espionage case and convince Europeans of the need to continue joint efforts to combat terrorism with the US , " said the Chair of the Senate Subcommittee on European Affairs .
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut said he had spoken to the Members of the European Parliament and others this week and was concerned about the threats they had made about the possible withdrawal of anti - terrorist organizations because of the frustration in monitoring the National Security Agency .
" It is really important for the protection of national security in the United States that Europeans remain with us in the mutual commitment to the fight against terrorism , " said Murphy , a Democrat serving his first term , and Chairman of the US Senate Sub - Committee on European Affairs , during a meeting from Washington .
And I will go to Europe to make them understand that we must continue to work together to combat terrorism , despite the anger caused by the NSA programmes .
The press reports that the NSA has captured millions of communications in Europe , which has damaged relations with some US allies , but this week the agency 's director said it was inaccurate and misunderstanding because it involved metadata that NATO allies had collected and shared with the US .
Other revelations referred to documents disclosed by Snowden that the NSA had intercepted data and communications from the mobile phone of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and those of 34 other heads of state .
The Director of Intelligence , James Clapper , justified the Allies ' espionage by stating that it was necessary and was a common practice on both sides .
In this tumultuous atmosphere , Murphy indicated that his office was organizing a Congress trip this year , and he hoped that the delegation would include members of both parties and the two chambers .
The names of the other participating legislators should be unveiled in the coming days .
He indicated that the route remained to be defined .
Murphy stated that the purpose of this trip was to improve relations , but also to show " affectionate determination . "
He explained that European Heads of State should be honest with their citizens about the type of espionage programmes they have been implementing for years .
" We can change our surveillance programs to better protect the rights of Europeans , but they must also understand that we are not the only ones in the world to do espionage , " said Murphy .
In the meantime , Mr. Kerry has planned to visit the Middle East and Poland this weekend to manage the rancour generated by US strategies in Syria , Egypt and Iran , as well as by US surveillance activities .
The London Stock Exchange closed down on Thursday , led by Shell 's poor performance and the day after the Fed announced its continued support for the economy , as expected .
Australian woman appeals prison sentence in Thailand
A 21-year - old Sydney resident , sentenced to 15 days ' imprisonment in Phuket for wrongly claiming to have been assaulted by a taxi driver , appealed the judgement and was released on bail .
Stevie Rochelle Bamford was first convicted by a Provincial Court in Phuket on 15 June of misrepresentation after telling the Thai police that a local taxi driver , accompanied by two other men who controlled her , assaulted her early on Sunday , 10 June .
However , video surveillance later revealed that she had safely returned to her hotel after separating from her Australian boyfriend .
Phuket 's police interviewed Bamford for two days before she confessed that she had invented the story of all pieces .
She was detained in a cell in the local police station prior to the court hearing .
Bamford was sentenced to 15 days in a low - security detention facility in the outskirts of Phuket rather than in a women 's prison .
This is the daughter of the former Australian Rugby League player Peter Tunks , who called on Canberra 's Department of Foreign Affairs to help her daughter .
Tunks told the Sunday Telegraph in Sydney that the whole family was " extremely concerned " about her daughter 's well - being and wanted her to return to Australia .
" Of course we have lived an angry moment , but we hope to bring it home safely as soon as possible , " said Tunks .
Bamford appealed the judgement and was released on bail of 50,000 bahts .
In Australia , the press said that in the meantime she was on holiday in the Krabi region of southern Thailand .
Thai judicial sources have reported that Bamford is represented by a local lawyer in Phuket , but warned that the appeal could lead to an increase in the sentence of up to two years ' imprisonment and imprisonment in an adult prison .
However , after the recent murder in Phuket of Michelle Smith , an Australian travel agent , Thailand may also seek to improve its image with tourists , which could lead to acquittal .
The French police will arrest the Anderlecht supporters coming from other than RSCA buses .
The French police decided to lay down strict rules for the meeting of the Royal Sporting Club of Anderlecht against the Paris Saint - Germain scheduled for Tuesday , said Marie Verbeke , spokesman for the Brussels noon police area on Friday .
Belgian supporters of the RSCA who wish to go to this meeting of the Champions League must use the travel system set up by the RSCA .
" The bus convoy will be escorted by the police from a former border post in Rekem to the PSG stadium , " the spokesman said .
The process will be the same for return .
" If other supporters intended to go to Paris by other means , the French police prefecture reported that measures had been taken to make arrests or even police custody , " said Marie Verbeke .
Living together in French , the challenge of the Marguerite - Bourgeoys school board
At the Marguerite - Bourgeoys Board of Education , 62 % of students have a mother tongue other than French .
A year ago , this was why a consultation was held with parents , students , teachers and educational staff to consider how to better integrate students who live on horses between different cultures .
The school board has just unveiled its vision of Living Together in French .
Vision Diversity has been in schools for the past year to help students of all backgrounds discover common benchmarks that go beyond French .
Discovery of neighbourhoods , our architecture , our places are landmarks .
Great names of writers , artists , whether they are of origin or have come from elsewhere .
Who are our builders ?
" So we create projects so that they can identify with all that , " explains Vision Diversity President Aïda Kamar .
Michel Venne of the New World Institute has identified several challenges for the school board .
" On the transmission , for example , of what Quebec culture is , the sense of belonging , the support of staff in the transformations that we are living in the student clientele , " he enumerates .
The Marguerite - Bourgeoys School Board has set up a research centre that will give tools to teachers who , too , sometimes come from elsewhere .
Rachida Azdouz of the University of Montreal will be its Scientific Director .
Preparing to manage a class in a North American , Quebec context .
" Different educational strategies are the real need , " she summarizes .
The research will focus on inclusion from all angles : linguistic , academic , social and cultural .
