A 28-year - old coup was found dead in a San Francisco supermarket
A 28-year - old cover was found dead in a supermarket cloud room this week , who recently moved to San Francisco .
But the brother of the victim says that he can not imagine anyone who would like to do over his brother , saying : " His life finally started to improve . "
The body found at Westfield supermarket on Wednesday was identified as the 28-year - old resident of San Francis Galicia , a spokesman for the San Francisco Court medical expert .
The San Francisco police said that his death was declared murder and an investigation is under way .
The brother of the victim , Luis Galicia , tells the San Francisco station ABC KGO that Frenk had previously worked as a coat in Boston , but six months ago he was on his dream restaurant Sons & Daughters San Francisco .
Restaurant 's Sons & Daughters representative said the news of his death shocked and shocked them .
" We are a small team working as a cohesive family and we will miss him very much . "
At this difficult time , we are thinking with friends and family of Frenca .
Luis Galicia says that Frenc was an overnight hotel at the beginning , but life has finally improved .
" He collected a new apartment and met a girl , " Luis told the KGO radio station .
Luis Galicia claims that he does not know who would like to sweep over his younger brother .
He was a good man with a broad heart .
" He always sweated his family by preparing a tasteful meal and making lunch " , said Luis Galicia .
He never wanted to get into disputes .
He was the brother who adapted to the rest .
" With everything that has gone wrong in the world , he was like an unworked diamond that shouted greatly every day " , he says .
Anyone with information about the events is invited to call the IFSD phone 415 - 575 - 4444 .
New doctors on strike : calls for new protests
The representatives of young doctors are asking their trade union to take up protests in the dispute over the new treaty .
The Committee of Young Doctors ( JAK ) , the British Medical Association ( LMA ) , intends to ask the Council to support wider protests in early September .
The JAK believes that ministers have failed to dispel doubts about the Treaty .
In July , young doctors and medical students rejected a contract proposed by the LMA .
The Treaty was voted against by 58 % of all members voting .
In a message published Thursday evening on Twitter , JAC council member Elena Mccort said the government continues to remain silent on this issue and has therefore been rejected .
She said , " Against this background , the JAK vote has resulted in a total rejection of the Treaty offer and a decision has been taken to request new formal negotiations to discuss key issues . "
In response to the silence of the government , JAK today formally requested a meeting with the LMA Council to authorise the drafting of new treaties , which would enter into force in September .
As a result of the dispute , young doctors took part in six strikes , including the first time in the history of the NHS .
The new LMA doctors , Dr Johans Malawana , resigned after the vote to reject the contract terms proposed by the LMA , which was recommended by BMA .
Before meeting with 54,000 young doctors and medical students , he said to members of BMA that the offer was good and would be accepted .
After the vote , health secretary Jeremy Hant said the deal would be concluded with English medics .
Russia and Turkey : Marginalised Alliance ?
The gesture that ended the crisis .
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake up and announce the end of the eight - month war and economic sanctions .
However , as Vladimir Putin welcomed the Turkish leader at the St Petersburg Castle , he gave the impression that Ankara needs this partnership more .
However , the two were shaky .
Vladimir Putin 's smile looked artificial and did not cause warm emotions , even in view of his usual restraint .
Erdogan said Putin was at least five times his " dear friend " .
I was quick in the number .
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only improve to the pre - crisis level , but would become even stronger .
The next day , a newspaper reported that Erdogan was behaving as if nothing had happened .
I think his enthusiasm gives rise to controversial feelings .
However , the embarrassing message from Putin shows that the Russian leader has not forgotten anything .
The first thing he mentioned in his speech was the shooting down of a Russian plane on the Syrian border .
At that time , Moscow reacted sharply .
Putin accused Ankara of having caught the dung on Moscow .
The abuse was even more painful given that it came from a friend .
Rebuilding trust will be very difficult , perhaps impossible .
Since November , Russia 's public position has changed , however .
For several months , government - controlled television spread aggressive accusations against Ankara .
Suddenly , the Turks seemed to be guilty of everything .
The most serious allegations were that the Erdogan family itself had profited from the illegal trade in oil with an Islamic State - controlled part of Syria .
He himself , of course , denied that .
But the main message of the St Petersburg meeting is that it is time to forget the past .
After all , this meeting took place only because Putin received an apology from President Erdogan .
Russia could perceive this as a kind of victory .
Ankara 's benefits from peace reconciliation are obvious .
First of all , Erdogan needs all possible friends after the unfortunate coup last month in which he tried to overthrow .
Innumerable terrorist attacks have also shaken his position .
There are also economic motives .
Russian sanctions have caused profound damage , in particular a ban on charter trips , which normally lead to the influx of several million Russian tourists into Turkish resorts every year .
The number of tourists fell by almost 90 % .
Russian tour operators and charter companies are also relaxed in breathing when regular flights are restored .
They are hoping for a fever in the Mediterranean Sea at a seasonal sound .
As early as this week , the country 's TV is expected to see a fall in the price of fruit and vegetables , as Turkey 's imports of fruit and vegetables will be restored .
As the local newspaper Vedemosti quotes , " tourists for them , tomatoes for us . "
However , the visit also had other political motives from Moscow .
Ankara is angry to the West for the weak reaction to the coup in their view .
There is also a dissatisfaction with the lengthy EU accession negotiations and the interference of Putin , who is happy to take advantage of the fact that Turkey is alienated from the West .
The Russian leader undoubtedly won additional points in the eyes of Ankara , expressing support for its elected government after the coup attempt .
Take note that Moscow understands this well , because it is itself deeply rooted in the fear of regime change in the country .
The summit , which took place in this luxury cornerstone , gave Russia and Turkey the opportunity to present , as an analyst called it , a " marginalised alliance " , two countries that feel excluded from the West join forces .
However , despite the unity publicly demonstrated , there are still considerable differences of opinion between the two countries .
The main disagreements concern Syria , where Russia presents itself as a peace medium , but in fact Russia and Turkey support the opposing parties .
After more than three hours of initial talks , without wishing to disclose information , the two Presidents said in a press conference that they had not discussed this issue .
The Turkish President determinedly avoided the issues of disagreement between the two countries , while President Putin wished to underline them .
There is no clear consensus on how both countries could find a common language on the Syrian issue .
However , after months of openly hostile relations and potential catastrophes , when a NATO member shot down a Russian battle plane , the situation has improved , as both leaders have at least resumed talks .
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland
The SCB 's brand will now play a supporting role , the Bank 's Executive Director said .
Outside Scotland , the SCB will no longer be available .
Ross Makevan tells the BBC channel in Scotland that the SBB brand was associated with the Bank 's ambitions globally .
It has abandoned these ambitions , because eight years ago the bank was almost bankrupt and needed financial assistance .
In the meantime , experts in the branding strategy have used the SCB brand to protect other consumer financial brands .
The bank received millions of pounds from international sports sponsors , from the rugby of the Six Nations to the Wimblondon tennis champion Andy Murrey .
However , it is now decided to put other national brands at the forefront .
The Royal Bank of Scotland will be available to Scotland 's clients , but it will not be initialised .
In England and Wales , all SCB references , outside the headquarters and the official stock exchange list , will be replaced by the name NatWest .
The Ulster Bank is already being used in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland .
Smaller private financial brands , such as Coutsts , Adam & Co , Drummond and Holt 's Military Bank , will now also be noted .
Makevan was interviewed during the journey with customers and employees through Inveshire .
He told the BBC Scottish channel : " The SCB will become the brand of our investors and work with our staff , because we are now becoming more brand banks . "
Over time , the bank itself became a global brand and the SKB became a global brand .
Now I say that we no longer have global ambitions , we have local ambitions .
Each brand will represent something unique in its industry and our staff will work with clients under these brands .
The SCB has already announced that it will not continue to sponsor the " Six Nations " and will involve different brands in sport sponsorship .
" The time has come to become a brand bank because we have long been asking ourselves how to become a better bank for our clients . "
Three years ago , it would have been very cynical if we announced that we would be an excellent bank for our clients and develop these brands .
However , thanks to hard work and focusing on customer needs and not on our own needs , we have obviously made major changes .
We can revive these brands again , so I think that now is the time .
Frenki Detori won 3000th victory in New Market with horse Predilection
Deters unclose the champagne , finishing his 3000th victory twice in New Market .
On Friday , Jockey Frency Detori won his 3000th victory in Britain 's history .
He won the second victory in his home town of Predilection , coaching John Gosden .
The 45-year - old is the sixth jockey who has achieved such a result in horse sprint races .
He has joined Ser Gordon Richard , Doug Smit , Lester Pigot , Pétry Edery and Villie Carson .
Three - time jockey champion Detori , who previously won with a horse Ghayyar , said : " It is something special . "
I am very moved because my family is here .
I am very happy that this happened in New Market , because I have been here for 30 years .
This is not a big race , it is not Royal Askotte , but a normal Friday night with 20 000 people .
I am relieved and very grateful .
After the victory , Detori and Predilection are expected to be applaused and swallowed .
Two jockeyers have reached the record in a hurdle - winning 20-time champion Sir Anthony Makcoy , who has won more than 4,300 wins in his career .
Lester Pigot , the nine - time winner of the derby , won 4 493 victories in his career .
Frency is one of the best jockeys of our time and it is no surprise that he has made a success that only the few can achieve .
He is strong and strong , but his sense of tactics differs from other jockeys .
He is a fantastic representative of the races , his enthusiasm and charism attracting fans to this sport .
A few weeks ago , at the Epsoma race , I told Frenchia that he would have won 6 000 victories if he had not participated in just the weekend and the big races .
However , to be serious , it is a real pleasure that France has been winning the UK 's race for 30 years on a regular basis .
He is a vibrant who is perfectly useful in a British race and a great jockey .
Frenk Detori noted this achievement with his branch mark , a flying reign .
Franky Detori has been the face of British horse races for twenty years from financing at wind speed to flying .
This has been a path of adventure .
He has won countless major races , including the 1996 Grand Seventh in Askota , and has suffered a plane crash and a disqualification for the use of preparations .
Three years ago , he had difficulty returning after six months of disqualification , but he showed his strength by challenging those who questioned him when he returned to his best form .
And he could take part in the race for some time to come - Detori said earlier that he was happy to continue to participate in the race at least under 50 .
Russian President Putin dismisses administration leader Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed administration leader Sergei Ivanov .
Ivanov has been in Putin 's nearest people for many years .
A 63-year - old politician has now been appointed Special Representative for Nature and Transport .
The Kremlin statement said Putin " decided to release Ivanova from his duties as head of the Russian administration , " without giving any reason .
Anton Vaino has been appointed to Ivanova since 2012 .
The 44-year - old Guilty has been a diplomat .
The blame was born in Tallinn , Estonia 's capital , in 1972 , graduated from the prestigious Moscow Institute for International Relations ( MVSAI ) and later worked in the Tokyo Embassy .
According to the Kremlin website ( in Russian ) , he later headed the President 's protocol and government staff .
After his appointment he said to Putin : " Thank you for your trust . "
In my opinion , the main job of the administration is to support your work as President of the country in drafting laws and monitoring the implementation of your decisions .
Putin told Russian broadcaster Friday that Ivanov himself wanted to leave office and recommended that Ivanov be a substitute .
Are smiles convinced ?
This step has confused Moscow .
Sergei Ivanov is an old and close ally of Vladimir Putin and , like Putin , worked for the Soviet Security Service at the KGB .
In this position he was one of the most influential men in Russia .
Both men said that Ivanov resigned on his own initiative .
But in spite of camera smiles , rarely do they convince , especially before the parliamentary elections .
Is this the result of the power struggle ?
No one knows .
However , the official assertion that the man who was considered to be a possible president suddenly wanted to become the leader of Russian environmental policy is perceived with great scepticism .
Ivanov says to Putin in a note published on the Kremlin website : ' It is the fact that , at the beginning of 2012 , I asked you to entrust me with this difficult post , maybe even say , the problematic post , for four years .
It turns out that I have been in this position for four years and eight months .
Ivanov took office in December 2011 .
Previously he was Prime Minister and Minister of Defence .
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB State Security Service , like Putin .
At the end of the 1990s , Putin led the Federal Security Service , the successor to the KGB , and Ivanov held his deputy .
When Putin came to power , he called Ivanov the five most trusted .
At the end of Putin 's second term , Ivanov was seen as a potential candidate for Russian president , as Putin 's re - election for a third term would be unconstitutional .
But then another ally of Putin , Dmitry Medvedev , became President .
Putin became prime minister , and after three and a half years he returned to president .
Mysterious fish appearance in a garden in Banfa
A man from Banfa is asking for help to clarify the conditions in which the fish appeared in his garden in Banfa .
Kevin Bein thinks that 75 fish could be sand eels that have ridiculed water .
Mr Bein , who lives around 500 metres from the sea , published a video on the Periscope website of fish , hoping that someone could know how these 5 centimetres of fish came to his garden .
Cross - ferry : the bridge is now connected to Faif .
Today , a project worth £ 1.35 billion is expected to be completed in May 2017 .
Engineers have connected the northern part of the Quinferia juncture and viadut , which means that the bridge is now connected to Faif .
The first of the four connecting parts is complete , which means that the construction of the bridge is coming to an end .
The bridge of the fiches is constructed 600 metres in length and weights 30 000 tonnes .
It consists of 10 000 tonnes of steel , 20 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 aid cables .
The project worth £ 1.35 billion is now expected to be completed in May 2017 .
Economic Secretary Kate Brown had travelled to the construction site today and was one of the first to go on the bridge .
He said : " This is a symbolic and historic moment in the construction of the Quinferia bridge . "
In this project , we are seeing an unparalleled civil engineering solution , where only this part is constructed with more than 30 000 tonnes of cement and steel .
Despite the enormous weights and sizes of the bridge , linking the bridge and viadot is an extremely delicate process which requires enormous precision .
Overall , more than 79 % of the bridge has already been built and the final stage to connect the bridge to Rosit will be launched today , which means that all parts of the bridge are ready to go .
The director of the fourth bridge connection , Michael Martin , says : " The first connection is a very important point in the construction of any bridge . "
In this fantastic project , the first connection demonstrates the construction of the top class .
After the installation of the final road section and its linking with the support of the northern tower , we were postponed to link the northern road section to the ground , or viadule .
This was done by shifting part of the 700 millimetres to the south of the northern lease roadway .
It was a huge and , at the same time , very sensitive operation .
The vast amount of viaduct is 222 metres long , weighs around 6 000 tonnes and had to be dragged around 3 % .
Delicate , because the tolerance in both directions with which the team worked was just a few millimetres .
Fortunately , all went well .
Simona Bails takes gold for women .
Forgotten .
Forgotten the alarm .
Simon Bails is not worried .
Dynamic leaps .
Exercise on the beam without effort .
Floor insurmountable .
Completely perfect .
And finally the Olympic champion .
On Thursday , a 19-year - old American exerciser fought the gold medal , fully demonstrating the difference between himself and the rest of the world on the Olympic stage .
Her total number of points of 62,198 was superior to the silver medal winner and her team member Alia Raisman and bronze medal winner Alia Mustafin .
On Thursday , US athlete Simona Bails performed a exercise on lime sport at the 2016 Olympic summer Games in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Failure became the fourth American in a row to win the title and the fifth best teaching team , gradually strengthening its reputation as the best exerciser of his generation and perhaps the best teachers .
When the final result was announced , she went out into tears because the long road to this point was over .
This achievement ranks him alongside unparalleled athletes such as Michael Felp , who raised his sport at another level .
Failure has been dominated by sport for the last three years , with 15 medals from world championships , including 10 gold medals , performing such excellent , accurate and ambitious exercise combinations that the 1984 Olympic champion , Mary Lu Reton , called her " the best exercise she has ever seen " .
In Brazil , she was expected to be the last test , where she had to compete to a large extent with the expectations placed on her and not with the rest of her athletes .
She would be disappointed if she returned to her home in Spring , Texas without gold medals .
Simona Bails ( left ) and Aliy Raismane are envyed after their respective gold and silver medal exercise at the individual multi - finals of the 2016 Olympic summer in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Bails won the first gold medal on Tuesday , making a farewell ball of coordinator Karolji .
Although Bails says that it had not waited for it on its long road to the tops of fame , it is not true .
Part of her performance in the free movements , which includes her special acrobatic transition , is accompanied by Latin music , perfectly fitted on the street alongside the Rio Olympics .
It is no coincidence .
A girl who was adopted by her grandparent when she was still a baby and was discovered by coach Eimmy Burman 's mother on her excursion to the sports gallery , where the Burman deadlines took place , has now become a force to take account of .
She has not lost a multi - race since the summer of 2013 and a series of victories can continue as long as Bails wants .
Although Mustafin was a little in the lead during two rotations , it was just an illusion .
Balance and free movement - the part of the race , where Bails will defend his title of the championship , is yet to come .
She led the way with a result of 15.433 on the beam and strengthened leadership in 15.933 free movement
Raisman murdered her softly while she waited for the results , which were mere formality and she went into the tears of joy when the dream she had previously written in her note book came to fruition .
The result of Raisman was a slight reprisal for four years old , when she divided third place with Mustafin , but lost the bronze medal .
This time , the 22-year - old captain , called the " grandmother " , came to a strong lead .
She was able to devote an air kiss crowd after her performance in the free movements that dispelled her return .
Meanwhile , the 19-year - old viral of Bails on Twitter , which she published this week , has a completely different meaning .
The 6-year - old Mahai Brown survives a bullet - fired fire in Philadelphia .
Police said the 6-year - old boy was shot in Philadelphia , saying it was the second six - year - old shot in Philadelphia this week .
Grandparents of the CBS confirmed to the Philadelphia news channel that it was Mahai Brown .
Grandparents say Brown was shot several times , including in the chicken , in the leg , in the hand and in the stand , but there was still consciousness when he was taken to the hospital .
His grandmother , Delores Melendez , told the television : " His little body was simply a bullet - bullet bullet . "
I can not believe that .
The boy is in a critical condition and has already undergone several operations .
The family tells us that he will certainly recover .
He had to start in first classroom in a local primary school .
Brown is one of four people shot in the city of Jermantoun .
Three men were also shot : two 29-year - old men and one 32-year - old man .
CBS Philadelphia reports that one of the 29-year - old men is in a critical position , while the other two are in a stable position .
The child was found in the front seat next to the 29-year - old victim in a critical condition , according to the channel .
The other two victims were not in the car and the police were investigating whether any of them was an attacker .
The investigator told CBS Philadelphia that several shooters were likely to be involved in the shooting .
Arms cartridges belonging to different weapons have been found on the ground .
It seems to have been a long - term fire .
There are shells on both sides of the pedestrian path .
" Thus it seems that there have been a number of armed shooters here who were active in the shooting , " Philadelphia police captain Antony Ginaldi said .
Several homes and cars have also been damaged .
No one has yet been detained and police are reported to check the recording of observation chambers .
On Tuesday , a 6-year - old girl was hit by a bullet while she was in front of her house in Vestouklein .
She is recovering gradually , but the police are still looking for the perpetrator .
Why do we need Simona , Gabia and Lauria ?
I call it the annual Women 's Olympic Easy League Team for several reasons .
Firstly , I have been on all the summer Olympics since 1984 and the US team has never been so good .
Secondly , there are three light athletes , Simona Bails , Gaby Duglas and Laurie Hernandez , who inspire many young girls of origin .
People can be proud that Alija Raismane , a Jewish and Medison Kociana , who is a Catholic .
Finally , this team really represents America .
It has also strengthened the participation of black and Latin American athletes in this sport .
For the last four years , the best exerciser has been an American of African origin .
Last year , Simona and Gabia took 1st and 2nd place .
These are impressive results .
Gaby Duglas became the Olympic champion at the last Olympic Games , amazingly , and America could rejoice .
The world has now seen incredible exercises performed by the three - fold world champions , Simon Bails , Duglas and Laurie Hernandez , with unprecedented but mastery exercises .
Simona became the fourth American in a row on Thursday to win the gold medal for women .
Her team - leader Alija Raismane won the silver medal .
We have seen the best thing this sport can do , but the rest of the country is in a completely different situation in exercises .
Simon , Gabia and Lauria entered the Olympic team in the same way as Alia and Medison .
They are the Olympic Piecient because there will be only four athletes in the next Olympic team , and this is the last year of the coach in Marta Carola .
Exercise is , in fact , expensive sport ; exercisers are mainly trained in private light athletics clubs , and are kept by parents who pay for training , premises , travel , formas , hotels ( coaches , athletes and their families ) and other expenses .
Most of these light athletics clubs are located in urban areas that can afford this sport .
In these clubs , athletes carry out all their training and this is a costly and long investment for families .
Emiam Bourman - Coach Simon Baille and Megia Hainy - Laurie Hernandez coach has trained their athletes since the two girls started to play easy athletics .
We must provide young girls inspired by Simona , Gabia and Lauria with cheaper exercise .
I founded my light athletic organisation 20 years ago .
My organisation is based in Harlem , and we offer more than 15 000 young people in the city ( mainly black and Spanish ) a free or low - price exercise ; we have also trained national and international champions .
In September , we will open a Detroit branch ( in my home city ) to enable local young people to familiarise themselves with this excellent sport .
It is an easy athletic to develop coordination of forces , rigidity and body , as well as teaching hard work , discipline and ambition .
This combination ensures a long life of good health and success , both at school and at work .
This team will inspire thousands of young girls to train in light athletics and that is fantastic .
It is very important to deal with this sport , especially for young girls .
This is a very exciting time .
Thank you to Simona , Aliya , Gabya and Medison for an excellent demonstration by Girls ' Force , winning gold medals from the Olympic Games and motivating countless young girls of diverse origin to become healthy , strong and successful young women .
Following the rejection of Jerremy Hanta 's offer , young doctors are planning more strikes .
The ministers hoped to put an end to the disagreement by reaching an agreement on a treaty change with representatives of the British Medical Association , but it was rejected by 58 per cent of the 37 000 young doctors voting .
In July , Hant announced plans to conclude a contract , saying the NHS is in a precarious position and further delay will only harm workers and patients .
The first young doctors have already signed a new contract that provides for changes in the conditions for night work shifts and at weekends to improve working conditions in non - standard working hours .
Yesterday evening , Dr Elena Makourta , a young doctor in BMA , said that young doctors still had serious concerns about the proposed contract , especially that it would deepen the labour crisis and that it did not put all doctors on an equal footing .
The eight weeks ahead until the first group of young doctors signs the new treaty , so progress needs to be made , because time is not running out .
BMA 's efforts to solve the problem through negotiation have faced a lack of willingness on the part of the government , and sometimes with total silence .
This is despite the fact that , until last month , Jeremy Hant said that his doors were always open .
Jeremy Hant must take immediate action , stop inaction and cooperate with young doctors .
If he does not , young doctors are ready for new protests .
During the last strike , more than 13 000 routine operations and 100 000 visits were postponed at the end of April , while nurses and advisers tried to replace the doctors who went into the picket .
Ministers hoped to put an end to the disagreements by reaching an agreement on changes to the treaty with representatives of the British Medical Association .
BMA wants to raise the rate of work at the weekend of 54,000 new doctors covered by new contracts .
Daniel Mortimer , Executive Director for Employment of the NHS , called on young doctors not to go on strike .
Mr Mortimer explains that strikes do not solve anything , but only increase pressure on the busy workers and worry , stress and hindrance patients , carers and their families .
We have been talking to the new doctors ' committee for the last two months and , together with the Ministry of Health and other institutions , we have responded positively to their questions about guardians and whistleblowers .
Employers expect active cooperation on other important issues such as job placement , flexible training , in addition to training for returnees after career breaks , training costs , mutual recognition of training programmes , abandonment of studies and gender pay inequalities in medicine , shows that employers , England health education authorities and the Ministry of Health are seriously willing to implement the agreements concluded with BME in November , February and May.
A drug of 2 pounds per day can reduce the risk of heart strike .
Thousands of patients who had a heart strike could be treated for 2 pounds a day , because official representatives recommend that they be used by more people and for longer periods .
Anti - correction medicines in Ticagrelor reduce the risk of repeat heart strikes for people with heart disease .
These products are already prescribed for use 12 months after the heart attack , reducing the risk of a re - heart attack .
The NHS representative NICE recommends using this formulation 4 years after the heart strike in order to further reduce the risk of heart attack for people with cardiovascular problems .
But now , the NHS recommends that the NICE use the preparation 4 years after the heart strike in order to further reduce cardiovascular risk .
Around 140,000 people in England experience a heart strike every year , and a quarter of them suffer a repeat heart strike or stroke .
Heart strike and stroke are caused by the accumulation of fat in heart walls , creating dams .
If a dam breaks , it can cause thrombia by blocking the flow of blood on the heart and causing a heart strike .
On the other hand , if the thromb is removed from the blood wall , it can get into the blood and block blood access to the brain , causing the infection .
The people who have been hit by a heart strike are exposed to a greater risk of repeated heart attack .
Ticagrelor produced by the British company AstraZeneca , which is traded under the name of Brilique , reduces the risk of thrombisation .
The new NICE guidelines , published today , recommend that people use 90 mg Ticagrelor for 12 months and another 3 years twice a day , with aspirin .
NICE Health Technology Director Professor Kerol Longson explained : " Despite the availability of medicines to prevent a repeat heart strike , more than a quarter of people who have had a heart strike experience another heart strike or stroke , often with severe consequences . "
The fear of a repeat heart strike may have a negative impact on the quality of life of the human being .
Evidence shows that Ticagrelor , coupled with aspirin , effectively reduces the risk of a re - heart attack and attack for people who have already experienced it .
By provisionally recommending the treatment with Ticagrelor , we are delighted to be able to extend the treatment opportunities to the thousands of people who are therefore winners .
In view of the limited information on the efficacy and safety of Ticagrelo , in particular the risk of bleeding through the use of this medicine for more than three years , the draft guidelines do not recommend that it be used for more than this period .
The culture of political correctness encourages electoral fraud in Muslim communities
According to the management report , former Mayor of Tauerhamlet , Lutfur Rahman , was dismissed due to corruption .
The government 's report reveals that a culture of political correctness turns a blind eye to widespread fraud in Muslim communities .
Former government minister Sir Erik Pickl criticises the police , election monitors and city councils for ignoring signs of fraud in the electoral process because " he fears to touch ethnic and religious interests . "
The former Community Secretary , who has now become the head of an anti - corruption organisation , says that intimidation of voters on religious grounds is so widespread that the police should be allowed to deploy guards at election stations to protect intimidated voters .
He also suggests that voters should produce an identity document when they vote to prove their true identity .
Currently , voters must only give their name and address .
He even recommends that the fingers of voters be marked with a special ink in order to avoid double voting .
Whistleblowers also need more protection , says Sir Eric .
He believes that the press should be given greater access to Council documents and decisions taken by informal committees and working groups .
He says : " The aim is not only to prevent electoral fraud , but also to protect local government from the wider culture of corruption and fraud that goes hand in hand with it . "
The report was ordered by Downing Street following the scandal in connection with the Tauerhamlet elections .
Last year , the Special Electoral Court ruled that the mayor of Lutfur Rahman was removed from the city because of corrupt and illegal activities .
The court found that Rahman " cynically distorted " his religious view of the Muslim community and silenced his critics on charges of racism and Islamophobia .
" Rahman has led his election campaign by saying that religious Muslims have a religious duty to vote for him . "
Around 300 votes were falsified or questionable because one person voted several times .
Sir Erik also points out that there are signs of fraud throughout the country .
He pointed out that it was particularly worrying to vote by post , where elderly members of Muslim communities were forced to vote for their preferred candidates .
Sir Erik recommended a series of measures to improve the electoral system , including the presentation of an ID document to establish a person 's identity .
His report says : " Evidence shows that vulnerable members of ethnic minority communities , in particular women and young people , are forced to vote for elderly candidates of the communities , in particular in Bangladesh and Pakistan . "
" There are fears that the regional authorities are not paying attention to these problems because of political correctness , as they could touch ethnic and religious interests . "
Sir Erik made 50 recommendations to improve the electoral system , including a ban on political activists voting by post to prevent " vote - gathering " .
The report , examined by Theresa May , also calls for a more rigorous checking of registration in order to prevent voter lists being used for fraud in the area of immigration and benefits .
Consideration should be given to requesting voters to produce an identity document before voting .
To mark the fingers of voters with a special ink in order to avoid double voting .
Systematic checks on the nationality of persons to verify that a person has the right to vote .
Restricting three years for requests for automatic voting by post .
Banning political campaigners and activists from voting by post and ballot envelopes .
Providing the police with the power to appoint a guard to the polling stations .
Changes to the law to make it easier to prosecute persons for intimidation under the 1983 Human Rights Act .
A ban on photographs at polling stations
Only English is required at polling stations ( except in Wales ) .
Stepping up training to ensure that polling staff make sure that voters go through the ballot box .
Sir Erik strongly criticises the Metropolis police , expressing confusion that the Tauerhamlet case has not been charged .
He says : " The Electoral Court only disqualified Luftour Rahman and his representative on corruption and fraud . "
He was strongly found guilty of criminal law evidence on the basis of firm evidence .
He also criticised the ineffective checking of city council voters at the polls .
Sir Erik said : " The court decision last year is a warning bell .
Our country is known as the homeland of parliament , but the worrying and hidden spread of electoral fraud and the pretence of the authorities that fraud does not endanger this good repute .
Bicycle passion - Kate and other Rio Olympics
Fans at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games are enthusiastic about the French cyclist Paulo Ferrand Prevot , which fans have found extremely similar to Cambridge .
However , a 24-year - old cyclist is not the only athlete who is fighting for gold this summer , who is proud of his family , as the media write .
For this reason , in honour of the Rio Olympic Games and all the famous faces that we now see on our screens , FEMMAIL has drawn up a list of Olympic participants that is quite similar to the Hollywood Stars .
Hunter and wool : US circle shooter member Breidy Elison , left - wing compared to Leonardo Di Caprio from childhood
Apart from Kait 's bicycle past , many people on the Internet say that this shooter could be a twin brother of the superstar Leonardo Di Caprio .
Breidy Elison , a member of a male shooting team in the US male circle , caused a storm on Twitter when photos were published where he was very similar to Wall Street .
The athlete himself noticed the storm on the social media and said he was compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since his childhood .
" I personally see no great similarity except for a beard , " Breidy told Huffington Post .
" He 's an excellent cherry , so I see it as a compliment . "
This year , one of the most popular couples of London 's 2012 Olympic Games will undoubtedly gain even more popularity : the shocking similarity between British high - range Greg Rutherford and popular actor Nile Patrick Haris .
The Russian single athlete , Aliy Mustafin , is being compared with Glory Estefan , a singer of Cuban origin , thanks to his great , distinct eyes .
When it comes to bathing , South African swimmer Cameron van der Burg has been comparing for several years with a " Created Star " for Matthew Morison .
Change : This user has noticed that the Natan is a " Actor of Inception " .
Likewise , tennis Star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnet are an ancient family with similar wounds and lips .
A Russian silver medalist , swimmer Yulia Efimova and actress Annalin McCord can be proud not only of sunburned skin and blonds of hair , but fans believe that US athlete Joseph Gordon Levit has been assimilated .
Hard women : Football star Joup Solo and Decksters actress Jennifer Carpentere ( right ) have a similar face shape and eyes .
There is no one : one on Twitter was pleasantly surprised to learn that others also see these similarities .
Theory : this user considers that there is probably a reason why both appear so similar .
Recently , a user of Twitter said it was with great pleasure that " other internet users agreed that Houpa Solo and Jenifer Carpenter actually looked identical . "
The U.S. football star and Decksters actress really have a very similar face shape and eyes .
Other popular comparisons relate to Kerry Walls Jennings and her smile , which is almost identical to the Laure Linny smile , and Gaby Duglas , a gold medal winner , is proud of a beautiful , widespread smile similar to that of Bring It On in the Gabriel Union smile .
A CBC Olympic commentator apologises for his comment that the Chinese bather was ' finished as a pig ' .
Bairon McDonald 's analysis of the 14-year - old Ai Yanhas in the fourth place of the 4x200 m in a free - style battle for women , caused an outrageous storm to CBC spectators .
Canadian channel CBC was forced to apologise because one of its commentators commented that a 14-year - old Chinese bather had " fled out of the race , he said , and " finished as a pig . "
Bairon McDonald thought his microphone was switched off when the 4x200 m free - style battle for women set out their personal views at the end of the final .
McDonald , who was included in the CBC comment team to give comments life , said : " It 's a small fourteen - year - old from China who can not keep up with her . "
" Too ranked , she fled out of the race , she said she had heard and ended as a pig . "
Thank you very much .
Ai Yanhana , a 14-year - old Chinese bather , had a 1:57.79 result in the second stage , which is 1.61 seconds slower than the result of Taylor Rucka , allowing the Canadians to catch up with China .
Spectators across Canada reacted promptly on the Internet because they were shocked to hear such a tone and expressions .
Emette McFarlain wrote on Twitter : " Did a real commentator from the CBC just say that a 14-year - old bather from China " ended like a pig ? " ? ? " ?
The ideo did not realise that they were still in the direct ether .
Ai Yanha of China 's 4x200m free - style final women was named the " little 14-year - old Chinese not with him . "
Criticism of Bairon McDonald was quickly taken on board , as many requested explanations .
Twitter users could not believe when hearing Bairon McDonald 's insensitive comments .
Twitter user Sara Paradi wrote : ' Oho , # ByronMacDonald .
For your representative , the CBC and Canada and you , we all sound like racists . # disgusting .
Shortly afterwards , Scottish Rasel , who at the time led the CBC live , apologised for McDonald 's comments , saying : " We apologise for a comment on the swimming result being made directly . "
It was an unfortunate choice of words , and we regret that .
The CBC apologised to more than 90 people who had reacted on Twitter .
McDonald 's colleague Scotot Rasel had to apologise for his place .
Then the CBC got an apology to more than 90 Twitter users who complained about McDonald 's comment .
The channel also quickly published an apology and a statement .
We deeply regret the fact that such comments were made and they ended up in the direct ether .
Yesterday we reacted immediately and apologised to all viewers and followers on the social media .
For the sake of clarity , Bairon 's comments were made on bather performance rather than being addressed to her personally .
However , in any case , these were unprofessional and unfortunate speeches and Bairon deplores what happened .
On Thursday afternoon , McDonald apologised personally in the direct ether and tried to explain that he did not think his comment would be seen as a personal attack .
He said in CBC Olympic Games live : " I would like to use a moment to apologise for the comment I made yesterday after the free - style competition for women . "
I am referring to the bather 's performance , not to him personally .
Needless to say , I did not intend to show any disrespect , and I really regret that .
The shoppers of the Primark are shocked by a woman who is shamelessly adhering to the middle of the underwear shop .
The buyers felt inconvenient when a woman began to dress in order to make a dress in the middle of the shop .
Worsening the situation , she told them to see if they existed and then took them back on the shelf in the shop .
She continued to look for clothes in the Bouverie Place shop of Folkeston and filled four more trousers .
The Primark shop , Bouverie Place , in Folkeston , a shop , the place where the woman filled the underwear and then put it back on the shelf .
Then , two children , Jenny Davidson , were also in the shop , saying that the unknown woman was pulling her clothes and leaving the shop without buying anything .
She says that people could not believe their eyes .
She took her tubrics and trousers from the shelf in the middle of the store and took them off the shelf and took them off the shelf .
She did not even try to find a more discreet place where to measure them , she simply added them on the ground .
Everyone looked out how she pulled the trouble and obviously the woman did not like it , because she simply put it back on the shelf .
She drew another three lunches until she decided that she did not like any of them and left the shop .
It did not seem that he would be worried that someone would watch or think of a man who would buy the clothes she works .
Ms Davidson ( 33 years ) from Kent said : " The idea of a single person buying clothes that have been filled by another person and have not been washed afterwards . "
The incident took place on Tuesday afternoon .
Ms Davidson adds : " I presume that shop workers removed these clothes from the shelves of the shops after she left - which is also acceptable . "
I can not imagine buying a new underwear and knowing that another woman has adjusted it and then wasted it .
Primark said Primark was aware of the incident that took place on Tuesday 9 August .
The clothes in question have been removed from the shelves of the shop .
How to protect ourselves against firearms by using Krav Maga
The world is a dangerous place , but this video from Dailymail.com could make it a little safer .
In order to find out how to protect ourselves in close distance from the attackers with a firearm , we spoke to the Krav Maga Master from the New York Rone Mizraki .
Whether you are attacked from the front or back , this video shows how to protect yourself and prevail over the attacker .
Makes indicate if the offender attacks from the back , then the first step must be to clearly see the offender and avoid a shot .
The weapon then has to be captured between its front hand and shoulder , and a blow to the face of the opponent with his free elephant .
Then there is a knee - knee rock and while the attacker stands in pain , take his weapon away , stop in face with the weapon and step down and continue to take his weapon against him .
If the assaultor approaches from the front , the situation is similar : shooting must be avoided , weapon captured and pulled out so that the victim can not shoot .
At the same time , pressure must be put on the weapon and blow the opponent by the breast and finally take his weapon away and resign further on him .
It sounds difficult ?
Watch the video to see exactly how Mizrakis does it .
However , if you are not the Master of Krav Maga , it is safer to give your money to the robber .
The Vandalian family decimates the social house of Saltas Cornwall and is being put on the streets .
The Vandalian family has been evicted from their place of residence for terrorising neighbours , causing damage to a social home of 50 000 pounds .
Tanja Skeldon and her partner , Shon Trebilkok , have only been displayed from the property of Saltash Cornwall as a result of several complaints .
When they were forcibly evicted from property , shocked housing representatives found the property to be completely defaulted .
In floors and walls , holes were broken down , wastes were discarded everywhere and walls were covered with graffit .
The family is now evicted from property and is likely to live in private property .
Donna Makevo , a manager of the Cornwall Housing Service , says there are fears that it will not be possible to rebuild housing .
She says that the people who lived here have been extremely difficult and she believes that people can not live there .
In this case , a number of factors need to be considered , as this property will not be of good repute in the future at Cornwall .
This family is famous and their name is well known .
The couple had three sons periodically in possession and the police say that their terror took the form of violence , street colding , intimidation of the local population , drug use , drug selling and loud feeling and cheering .
The 47-year - old Skeldone on whose name was property was sentenced to antisocial behaviour in June .
In a number of dumped rooms , discarded waste was found .
In the house where previously drugs can be traded , a number of floors have also been removed .
Neighbours say that they were on the street on a regular basis and were constantly called police .
The Cornwall Housing Service forced them out of property when they were given 11 weeks to get out of their homes voluntarily .
The desperate neighbours were very happy with eviction , because their lives were absolute hell .
One said : ' They were not cared for by other citizens . '
We lived next to them for 20 years , it has always been crazy .
It is incredible how often we have seen the police here .
We could not sleep this morning .
We woke because there was so quiet here - we are not used to it !
Now that they are finally away , it will be wonderful .
Adam Fitzpatrik , the head of the neighbourhood of the Cornwall Housing Service , said that the family did not cooperate with local security authorities .
The family has lived here for 20 years and the police are regularly called here .
Different old and unusable objects were found in the upper garden of the home .
He also said : " It is very regrettable that the tenants did not show any responsibility for their behaviour , as evictions are always the last step being considered by the Cornwall Housing Service . "
This was a very complicated case , because their behaviour was extreme and neighbourings had been looking very hard at their behaviour .
I appreciate the work of all my team , the Devon and Cornwall Police and Commune Members , who were courageous and cooperating with us in providing the necessary information .
I hope that this event will make life easier for neighbours and show that antisocial behaviour is not acceptable .
Phytzpatrik said that all three sons had lived here in different periods of time , but everyone was around 20 years old .
Dirty mattress on the floor in one of the rooms after eviction .
The staff of the service will now have to clean up the waste package left at home .
In 2014 , the police carried out searches and found more than 70 grams of cannabis , weights , accessories and 1 700 pounds in cash .
Skeldone has only been found guilty of storing class B drugs for the purpose of distribution .
She insisted that the money was for her son Le Sheldon , who died in a car accident in 2013 .
After its eviction , it has become known that they are now renting a private property in the Plymouth .
Many walls of the house were graffitted .
The police say that they will continue to put out the tenants who violate their leases .
Angela Krow , spokeswoman for the Devon and Cornwall Police , said that this eviction is a clear warning to other tenants who continue to break the rules .
She also said : " This is a warning to those who believe that they can behave like they want to and will have no consequences . "
The police in Devon and Cronwall do not accept criminal and antisocial behaviour , and the police will continue to work with our partners to protect local communities .
Preparedness to spend can drive the economy .
Akropolis LT , which manages Akropolis 's commercial and entertainment centres in Vilnius , Klaipeda and Shaulis , will be merged with the Acropolis Group of Enterprises , inheriting all existing commitments to Akropolis LT partners and employees .
The merger of the LT and the Akropolis Group is scheduled for 1 October this year .
We are entering a new phase of development during which we will implement large - scale projects , so we are trying to simplify the structure of the company - this will allow Akropolis , within the LT and the Akropolis Group , to create a more effective team of professionals .
We are now implementing the major Acropolis development projects in the decade : the construction of the multifunctional trading centre Acropolis in Riga and the development of a multifunctional facility in Vilnius , the former Velga Plant area .
" The structure of the new company will make it possible to make more effective use of the experience and competences of the Akropolis LT team in the successful development of projects and the operational adoption of the necessary decisions " , said Saulė Zabulionytė , member of the board of the Akropolis Group .
The Akropolis Group is a group of companies that manages real estate development , rental and management companies in Lithuania , Latvia , Estonia and Bulgaria .
Several purchases announced by the furniture manufacturing company Rauko have been concluded , according to a statement on the Procurement Office 's website .
The company will buy a plaster theft for EUR 89.5 000 .
It will be supplied by Lintera Riga .
For 33,000 euros , the company will buy the formatric hips supplied by UAB Infleks .
Rauko will also buy a frazing machine with a hatcher .
It will be delivered by UAB Inflex for € 15.6,000 .
The hydraulic hot press delivered by Linter Riga will cost EUR 32.6 000 .
Procurement is co - financed by the Rural Support Service .
Rowa was founded in 2007 .
The company has carried out more than 250 different projects in Latvia , Sweden , Denmark , Norway , Finland , the Netherlands and Switzerland .
Cannes mayor banned burkini swimming on beaches .
Cannes , the south of France 's southern resort city , has banned the wearing of the burkini swimming cystems on the beaches of the city , which almost completely covers the woman 's body and is a great reminder of the hydrop , local officials said Thursday .
David Linar , Mayor of Cannes , has signed an order that " access to beaches and swimming is prohibited for anyone who has no swimming space that respects good customs and secularism " as a fundamental principle of the French Republic .
" The dress of the beach , which extensively illustrates religious affiliation at a time when France and places of worship are the object of terrorist attacks , may pose a risk of disruption to public order ( shooting , clashes , etc . ) which needs to be remedied " , the order said .
" We are not talking about a ban on wearing religious symbols on the beach , but about magnificent clothing , which involves trust in the terrorist movements that are fighting with us , " said Tierre Migul , the municipal public utility chief .
He added that the burkini swimming bottles on the beaches of Cannes have not been seen since July 28 , when Linar , a member of the centre - right Republican party , signed the order and entered into force .
This week , aquapark in Marseille suspended a planned private event for Muslim women who would have dressed burkini at bathing cystems , as politicians from both the right and the left expressed indignation at such a measure .
In France , the wearing of face - proofing Muslim women 's headscarves is prohibited , but there are no religious symbols or appropriate clothing .
On 14 July , 85 people were killed in a terrorist attack in Nice , near Cannes , which was carried out under the responsibility of the Islamic State group .
On 26 July , two attackers who had won confidence in the Islamic State were brutally murdered a priest in a church in the north - west of France .
Jysk growed turnover 5 % last year
Jysk Linnen 's Furniture ( Jysk ) , a household retailer , growed turnover 5 percent last year , reaching EUR 23.66 million , according to Firmas.lv .
The company 's turnover in 2014 was EUR 22.57 million .
The company 's profits also increased slightly , from EUR 781 235 in 2014 to EUR 785 896 last year .
The management report says that last year the company reconstructed a store in Riga , Sloka Street , and closed a shop in Riga , the Kurzeme prospectus .
This year , like other years , the company 's main task is to continue to increase its turnover and profits .
Meanwhile , last year 's profits were recommended to be left unallocated .
Jysk is an international shop network offering goods for home fitting .
Founded in 2001 , Jysk Linnen 's Furniture .
The company 's share capital is EUR 3 500 264 .
The company belongs to the Iceland - based company Joska Eignarhaldsfelag ehf av PLC .
Lider cottels are simple - frozen with white bread .
Eat straight after baking , then it will be the most careful .
Together fillets and white bread are put in the meat machine .
Add milk , salt , peppers to the mass and again properly cut or mixed .
Then add butter to the mass of bottles kept at room temperature , carefully humiliated and forming medium - sized cottels .
Cotlets then burst in the bread .
It heats oil in Pann .
Kotlets put into panna and cep 10 - 15 minutes before eating , until it is golden brown from both sides .
Tail it while it is warm , surrounding it with melted butter or some measure .
The Cuban festival began in Lucavsala .
On Thursday 11 August , one of the last festivals of this summer was launched in Lucavsala in the evening : Cuban will take place until Sunday night .
" I 'm afraid I 've got a lot of time , " he said .
Also in the coming days of the festival , the programme has worthy words : Guano Apes and Garbage , Pankrock legend " Ramone " , " Marky Ramone 's Blitzkrieg " , " Brutto & Lyapis " , leader of the Belarusian pancrock under Sergei Mikhalok , popular Georgian actor and singer Vahtang Kikabidze , Ukrainians " Vopli Vidoplyasova " and a series of others , but the full programme can be seen here .
This is the second year of the Cubana festival in Latvia .
Last year it failed financially and suffered huge losses , but it did not prevent the organisers from re - attempting - they added a stick to the name , a group of Latvians ( 19:15 on Friday evening on the scene , the All Day Long ) were also included in the programme , and said the festival now became " closer and closer to the local colorite alongside Riga symbols such as its panorama and cats " .
Whether these efforts will justify it is too early to judge , because the festival only runs up , but , as Delfi Icklade observed in the first evening , at least for the time being , the massive efforts of people have failed and the number of visitors was similar to last year .
Britain 's rick bicycle team wins twice the Olympic record in the sprint .
British stroke team twice corrected the Olympic record and won the sprint race for men on Thursday .
The first Olympic record was rectified by the British people , but it was rectified in the first round .
British team and New Zealand met in the Sprint final and the UK took away the title of Olympic record holders from the new Zealands , leaving them with silver medals .
The British team won 42.440 seconds in a 42.102 seconds over the final .
In the struggle for the bronze , the French team went out of Australia .
It should be noted that the record was also rectified for women 's driving trips - the British team corrected the world record , which is now 4:13.260 .
The President , who remained in the shadow : Gustav Zemgala 145 .
On Friday 12 August , 145 years after the birth of the second Latvian President , Gustav Zemgal .
Zemgal proclaimed the Latvian state , but under the shadow of the first President of Latvia , Janis Cakste , and the last president of the pre - war period , Karl Ulmanis , has undeservedly remained .
None of our statesmen has defended democracy and the rule of law as much as Zemgale , and Arnold Auzins writes in a book dedicated to Gustav Zemgala 10 years ago .
Delfi Auzins says Zemgal is one of the rare senior politicians who had a humour .
Others steeply , always very right .
He taught not to be , it could be similar today to Raimonds Vejonis .
" He was close to the people , " Auzins said .
Modern politicians know history badly , they referred to Karl Ulman as a good leader , but rarely someone knows how ungratud he was .
The only person to whom he has not shouted was General Balodis .
Even if he is kind and smiling in pictures , he was hysterical by nature .
" The point with its humour and democracy leaves the exact opposite impression , " said Auzins .
Professor Aivars Stranga , Faculty of History and Philosophy at the University of Latvia , in a conversation with Delphi , shares Auzins ' assessment of Zemgala as a peaceful and weighed stateman .
He also noted that Zemgal had expressed respect for minorities , regularly called on Jewish representatives to the presidential palace .
" At that time it was not normal to do so , after Zemgala 's presidency , Albert Quiesis took over this tradition , " he said .
He was a quiet and weighed man who had to be persuaded to become President for a long time .
He did not strive for it himself , simply did not give glory .
He also rather criticised himself because he did not know French , but felt that the President should certainly be able to do so .
" During the Presidency , the French linguistic foundations were learned , " Strang said .
He did not allow him to be persecuted again , he did not like a really high post .
In any case , he is a very respectable person in Latvian history , even before he came to the Presidential Palace , he was in a serious position - he was a very demanding notary .
Zemgals also led the famous Zemgala Treasury on Suvorov 3 , where the Savers and Savers Association was based , practically the Latvian state negotiated .
He was always progressive .
It was not a great fan of Ulman , but he was also not publicly opposed .
" In private talks , it has been said at times that Ulman 's actions do not really sympathise with him , " Strang said .
There was a peaceful life , no suspicion of lawlessness or corruption .
How does Zemgale remember today ?
It is a pity , but a large part of them associate with a street in Riga .
He was an absolute democrat , views were central .
" There were no major shocks in his time , namely that he could associate with such a truly stable Presidency , " Strang said .
Gustava Zemgala , during its Presidency from 1927 to 1930 , also took place on the Latvian state visit to Sweden , which at the time implied full recognition for Latvia in its neighbourhood and integration into the Northern European family of democratic nations .
On 28 May 1929 , Zemgal arrived in Stockholm .
King Gustava V of Sweden 's reply visit to Latvia took place on 29 June 1929 .
The second President of Latvia was born in 1871 , but died in January 1939 .
Simply ways to help a child deal with anger seizures .
I often have to deal with the anger of the child , the outrage that occurs in parents consider something wrong and abnormal .
When a child openly shows its anger - we do not know how to react , Econet says psychologist Yekaterina Kesa .
The specialist is urging a little talk about these natural and human feelings - anger and anger that everyone is experiencing periodically .
Aggression - it is already a physical activity directed at another person , and it usually occurs when we feel angry .
When we adults are angry , worried - usually we know what is happening to us and how to deal with it .
We can express our anger and anger in ourselves : express , suppress , conceal , keep ourselves , tell our friends or other relatives about this , we can be angry with a sofa , smoke a cigarette ( that is not the best way to dispel anger ! ) , go into a shower , get a bullet around a table and do other things that we usually do not .
We are not directing our aggression against others , because we know the different ways of dealing with these emotions .
Children , when faced with anger , do not understand what is happening to them , how to call them and how to live with them .
They can say : ' Go away , ' you are a fool ' , ' Bad Mamma ' , ' I do n't see you ' , ' I 'll not be friends of you ' - and very rarely can say ' I am angry of you ' .
Children live in the literal sense , they are entirely here , at this point in time , they are spontaneous and genuinely at showing their feelings , and they are also often at the mercy of various emotions .
It is very important that parents do not forbid the child to display feelings , including anger , not to be shamed of it and not , but , on the contrary , to help the child .
Do you need to be expressed in the relationship ?
A long working day in which everything has not happened as you would like , or just bad mood , is so many reasons why I would like to switch off from the world for a moment , a day or even longer .
Is it possible to take a breath of relations and breathe a bit ?
Or does it show , however , that each partner has a way to go ?
Mrs are divided on different ages .
Janis ( 23 ) is short and concise : " In my view , if a silence is needed , I am not with the right man " .
In the meantime , Eduards ( 30 ) has unveiled a scheme which may help someone .
If you feel that a partner is starting to fall into nervous for every small detail , then surely that is the time when you should look at other hunting grounds to see if you are missing or if you do not think of him in particular or even want to see him any more .
So the answer is yes , withholding the picture can save time and understand how important the other side is for you .
Kaspar ( 29 ) opens his theory .
In my opinion , the relationship must be shouted on a daily basis , because if a person spends 24 hours a day , seven days a week , then disputes are inevitable .
They are caused by the fact that you notice every detail that the other does , and it is starting to fall into nervous .
People are starting to tire each other , especially if there is no more talk of what you have done on a day - to - day basis .
My personal experience suggests this , so I have also failed to keep up the relationship for more than a couple of months .
If you think for a moment that elsewhere or at others is better , why does this woman , with whom we are together , deserve someone who can think that there is not good enough and behind the mountains there are paradis fields ?
Thinking alone is a little betrayal .
If not , there is no .
" I have , so I slightly condemn those who do not " , said Edmund ( 46 ) .
Carl ( 33 ) has almost the opposite view .
It seems to me that everyone needs a moment of breathing .
You can not watch each other 's eyes every moment , all the time , from morning to night , and rejoice for endless love .
Wake up .
There are so many things : friends , jobs , ballets .
Everything has its time .
Of course , also to a friend or wife , but if both can maintain their balance between family life and the rest of the world , it can survive up to the edge of the grave .
That is the way it is .
Martin ( 27 ) said : " It is hard to say - it needs or not , may or may not take a pause , but one thing is clear : the proposer does not have anything in the relationship to the end , there is something missing . "
If this question is raised , it must be taken into account that in the near future there will be some change - for the better or for the bad - it depends on its own .
I think , while we are new and crazy , it is all the time , but when everything remains serious and the relationship goes into a very different phase , there can be no talk of rest .
You decide to spend your entire life together !
" If you can not withstand each other 's companies now and you need a breathing space once and for all , what will happen when you are pensioners who comment on how the passing cat is getting or arguing about what day the garden needs to be better booked , " Kristaps said .
All the words of the gentlemen have been changed .
With his enthusiastic and enthusiastic personality , Rozental first woke up to the interest of imaginative arts in the Latvian people .
" In this sense , he was the first love of the Latvian people , which will remain a life - forgotten love as such , " said Roman Suta , who wrote about Latvian painting master Jani Rozental .
In 2016 , too , it is clear that Rozental is the first love of Latvian art at the opening of the midwife 's massive retrospective exhibition in the restored Latvian National Museum of Art .
The exhibition was opened on 12 August , but as of 13 August , it is open to visitors and will be open until 30 October .
The Latvian National Museum of Arts honours the painter Jani Rozental ( 1866 - 1916 ) , whose hundred and fiftieth birthday is included in the UNESCO celebration calendar , with wide - ranging retrospection in the open - up Great Hall .
An exhibition exhibition on the exhibition of more than 150 works is one of the central events of Jana Rozental 's annual programme .
A selection of works of art is mostly made from the Latvian National Museum of Art , which strongly represents the main stages of classic creativity and grenels , stylistic evolution and the diversity of techniques .
Additional exponents from the Axeli Gallena - Kallas Museum , the Museum of Writing and Music , the Liepaja Museum , the Tukum Museum and several private collections in Latvia and Finland .
The atmosphere of the centuries is revived by the presence of photographs , the mobile app of an exhibition reveals some art references to photographs of a painter 's own photo camera for innovation .
Finnish - Latvian Friendship Society Rozentals - Seura , named in the name of Latvian classics , also offers the first stop at the Latvian National Art Museum of a small information travelling exhibition .
A similar exposure , with a presentation in English , Finnish and Swedish in the autumn , will be opened in the Virka Gallery in Helsinki .
Met Lebank looks forward to returning to TopGear .
The head of TopGear , Met Leblanks , said he was looking forward to returning to the second season of the car show , but said he did not know what he expected in the future .
For the time being , nothing officially happens .
" If there is , the BBC will announce it , " Leblank said .
Doubts about the " Gas on the floor " were raised in July when Leblanka 's superior Chris Evans said that he was leaving the programme .
After leaving Evans admitted that Leblank and " Gas on the floor " were " how " .
Evans describes the star as a " real and good man " on the Friends serial ( " Friends " ) , thereby dispeling rumours that both were mixed during the film .
When asked Leblankm what he liked most in the show , he replied that travelling to other countries , such as South Africa , Morocco and Ireland .
BBC television says that this show does not intend to replace Evans for the new 24th season .
Kalvins : Meldonia could be removed from the list of banned substances for athletes this year .
Meldonia made in Latvia is expected to be removed from the list of banned substances this year , academic Ivars Kalvins , director of the Latvian Institute of Organic Synthesis , said Friday morning at the LNT .
He said he would go to Canada in September to discuss the issue of the meldonia with the World Anti - Doping Agency ( WADA ) .
The scientist said he hoped that the Mildronate would be removed from the blacklist this year .
Two cyclists were taken to hospital in Sigulda after the collision .
Two cyclists in Sigulda , a street in Switzerland , are in contact with a wide variety of injuries , according to the State Police .
The accident involves men born in 1987 and 1990 , both taken to a medical establishment .
A bicycle was falling in the wooden .
In 1989 , a man fell in the street of 1905 and was taken into medical care .
A motorcyclist , born in the Dobel Region in 1989 , tried to escape the dog and overturned .
He too in the hospital .
Last night , 71 road accidents were recorded in Latvia , causing 16 casualties .
In some areas , it will be cooler .
Latvian Environment , Geology and Meteorology Center LETA told LETA that rain is expected to be short - term in some parts of Latvia and will become another degree cooler .
It is possible to duck a pulp .
According to forecasts , rain is predominantly expected in Kurzeme and the north of Vidzeme .
The maximum temperature will be +16 , +19 degrees .
The Riga Day will go unprecipitated and the sun will mostly come .
However , air will not warm more than +18 degrees .
U.S. models ' backgrounds have seen a perverse sophisticated photography and the intolerability of a film of horror .
Essentially , a very provocative , sophisticated and trivial - volatility balancing work , where the dividing lines between the European house and the Hollywood Jannical Product area are hard to draw .
Vigo Mortensen , the film 's main role highlights the question of whether parents ' conceptually chosen lifestyles ( ecologicality , vegetarianism , alternativeism and distance from consumption ranges and values ) are blessing or destructive for their children .
The idealist father of six children after his wife 's death is confronted with the issues of the correctness of his choices and the real values .
Met Ross , a moving film from mercury , won the prize for direction at the Cannes Festival this year .
Of course , the sharks alone do this as an attack on few girls - it was a swimmer , in this case , a brave surfacer , reported by Bleika Lavilia .
The work has demanded her profound heroism .
This survival solomonum is compared to James Franco 's demonstration of a showcase of activity in a film for 127 hours and Ryan Reynolds ' match in a film Apract alive .
Perhaps there is also the fault of the major player , Mila Kunisa , whose transformation from the exemplary story to a creative population and almost family value seems to be merely a fantasy of desperate Hollywood scenarios .
The Islamic State has captured 2 000 civilians in Syria .
Islamic state fighters have taken hostage of around 2,000 civilians used as shields in the Syrian province of Aleppo , the U.S. - backed alliance of Kurds and Arab observers said Friday .
" We did not shot them because they took civilians with them to flee to Jerabul , " a spokesman for the Kurdish Manbij Council said .
Syrian Democratic Force ( QSD ) , a U.S. - backed alliance of Kurdish - Arabs in northern Syria , said Friday that Menbij was released from jihadists after two months of fighting .
The Islamic State of Menbijz in 2014 .
The QSD expelled most Islamic State fighters from Menbij last week , but some stood up and showed strong resistance .
On Friday , however , they left the city to take prisoners with them .
The Islamists are going to Jerabul on the border with Turkey .
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights ( OHR ) , a London - based Syrian activist , also reported that around 2000 people had been kidnapped by Islamic State .
The Islamists said they have kidnapped cars from the city , forced people to go , and then taken them to Jerabul .
Islamic state militants have also carried out mass kidnappings in the past .
In January , more than 400 civilians , including women and children , were kidnapped by Islamists in the Deir e Zore province in eastern Syria .
Later , Islamists released around 270 prisoners .
How many Islamic State militias have fled Menbij are unknown .
A spokesman for the Kurdish Menbij council said the QSD managed to rescue 2,500 people held hostage by Islamists in Menbij .
According to the Observatory , at least 437 civilians , including 105 children , lost their lives in the battle over Menbijs .
299 QSD fighters and 1019 jihadists were killed .
Collegova refuses to run for the Revenue Service 's chief .
Inga Kolegova , head of the state environment service , has decided to withdraw his candidacy for the head of the State Revenue Service , the Finance Ministry informed LETA .
Collegow said that the discussion of her candidacy has led to inconsistencies between the ruling coalition parties .
It seems that the real reasons for the discussions are linked to the visible but more often invisible interests of politicians and have nothing to do with the assessment of my professional ability .
" This is not acceptable to me either , " he said .
Should her candidacy be approved by the government , it is clear that it would not be an overwhelming vote and that it would not allow the Revenue Service to work and make the necessary changes with the support of the entire government .
Without it , full work would not be possible , Kolegova concludes .
" I have repeatedly emphasised publicly that I do not want to be politically dependent , but now the whole process of my candidacy is overly politicised . "
" Thank you for the confidence and support I have shown , it is the experience I see as a benefit . "
Unity said Wednesday that the meeting with Collegova revealed a " significant contradiction " between the candidate 's explanations and the information on the cost of the dividend in the public registers of the SIA 's Pallogs , as the decisions of the meeting of the publicly available Pallogs do not require profits to be distributed .
The Revenue Service is currently headed by Deputy Director General Dace Peleka .
In Lavanos , police are involved in rescuing two young uncontrolled children , the State Police 's Latgale region said .
News of unsurveillance babies ' babies received on Friday around 7 a.m.
They were in Livans near the former shop building .
Both young girls are immediately handed over to the medical community for help .
They also left a band with documents and mobile phones .
In less than half an hour , law enforcement officers found out the whereabouts of parents and went there .
When they arrive in the home of a civilian , police officers found that the woman was sleeping because she was under the influence of alcohol .
In the evening of 1992 , a woman born last night was visited by an alcohol - consuming friend .
When walking home after a joint eating , a woman has decided to leave her children in the shop in unexplained circumstances for the time being .
The police immediately informed the barrier 's court of the event , which will also decide on the fate of the children .
The Riga Free Introduces all the CL 's recommendations on the Russian Island project .
The Riga Free Administration has implemented all of the five recommendations of the State Control ( CA ) on the development of the project 's infrastructure for the transfer of port activities in the Russian island from the city centre , Die.lv told the company .
The project is scheduled to be approved by the next Free Board of Riga .
In order for the recommendations to be implemented in line with the EC 's view , the Free Administration of Riga was also guided by the findings of the legal and operational audit conducted by the international auditor , Deloitte , in the Free Administration of Riga , and by recommendations to improve the management of the project in the next stage of the project .
Information on the implementation of the recommendations is also sent to the ECA today .
Despite the fact that the Free Administration of Riga does not agree with the opinion drafted by the EC on the usefulness of the Russian project , we are very responsible for the implementation of the project and the European Commission ( EC ) donor .
I would like to stress that all the construction works planned under the project have been completed within the agreed deadlines and scheduled limits .
" In order to prove to all those involved in the project , including the EC , the EC , the EC and the Stivids , that the free main objective is the success of the project , we have fully implemented all the ECC 's recommendations on the management and monitoring of the project " , said Sanita Kaire , the Russian project leader .
The long - term plan for monitoring and monitoring the achievement of the project 's objective has been complemented by key actions planned by the parties concerned and deadlines for the necessary decisions , definitions and deadlines for meetings and regular reporting , tools for monitoring the planned construction process , as well as definitions of key border points .
The agreed plan of action to achieve the objective of the draft by 31 December 2018 , in line with the EC Recommendations , is accompanied by enforcement monitoring activities , thus reinforcing the control of the timing of activities of other parties involved in the project on the Riga Free Party .
In order to improve project management and mitigate potential risks , a project management plan has been redeveloped , defining the project management areas and indicating the documents developed to provide a control and monitoring mechanism for each of them .
A project capacity building scheme has been developed for project management which reflects the planned design of the project management team , staff qualifications and functions .
In order to improve the communication of the Riga Free Administration to the parties involved in the project , a communication plan has been drawn up for the stakeholders in the project , which , in addition to the parties identified in the project action plan , defines the stakeholders for the successful completion of the project , the principles , forms and periodicity of the information exchange .
In future , in order to improve the control of the use of financial resources , it will be necessary to justify in more detail the need for a service contract to be concluded or for procurement to be launched , and the rule of law .
The project has built a port infrastructure in the Russian island which meets world standards : four new deep - water balls , rail and engineering communications .
Constructions co - financed by the Cohesion Fund have been completed and put into service already at the end of last year , with a saving of € 10.6 million .
Threats have led to increased airport security in Slovakia .
Slovakia has stepped up security measures at several airports after receiving non - specific threats on Friday , the interior ministry said .
" In the face of threats , we have stepped up security measures at international airports in Bratislava , Poprad and Košice , " a spokesman for the interior ministry told AFP on Friday .
" The National Security and Analysis Centre is currently analysing the information we have received " , he added .
In the Slovak capital on 16 September , an informal European Union ( EU ) summit will be held in which all the countries of the bloc will participate .
The meeting will discuss the consequences of the Brexit referendum and discuss the future of the EU without Britain .
Slovakia holds the EU Presidency by January .
German researchers discuss the number of victims of the Berlin Wall .
According to a new study , the number of deaths at the yoke of the Communists on the former East German border could be much higher than previously thought , but doubts about the actual number of victims are still not dispelled .
According to data released on Wednesday by the Berlin Wall Museum , Checkpoint Charlie , between 1945 and 1989 at the border with Western allied areas , and the subsequent West German Communist authorities killed 1 841 people trying to leave their territory .
The museum has been studying border - related deaths for years and adjusting the number of victims every time .
Another 11 deaths are added to this year 's list , including a six - year - old boy who drowned when the family tried to get to West Germany via the then Czechoslovakia and Hungary .
Among the new victims of the Berlin Wall are Soviet army defectors .
" The final damage caused by the double evil of communism and socialism is not yet fully documented , " said Alexander Hildebrante , director of the museum .
" Our task is to ensure that the graves of those who died in an attempt to escape from a communist - controlled state are kept up and disappeared " , said Hildebrante in a statement .
However , other researchers have already questioned the new figures .
" The figure of 1841 is unconvincing , " said Johenn State , a historical expert from the History of the Free University of Berlin , in an interview with the newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung .
He , together with other researchers from the Free University of Berlin , is currently reviewing the suspicious deaths at the border , and so far they have only been able to confirm 260 cases .
In the past , researchers estimated that 138 people were murdered by Communists outside the Berlin Wall alone .
In view of those who have died trying to escape the Baltic Sea or enter the West through the territory of neighbouring countries , the number of victims could , according to the State , reach around a thousand .
However , this is still significantly less than 1841 .
Different methodologies could be one of the reasons for the number of different victims .
The Checkpoint Charlie Museum also lists all suicides by the border guards in East Germany , whether they were directly linked to their service .
The Museum also lists deaths other than direct violence .
" If seniors between 70 and 80 died of a heart strike after broken by border control , this must be the consequences of this " murderous border " , he said .
However , the State is convinced that a distinction must be made between the elderly , who may have died as a result of their experienced harassment , and those who have died as a result of long hot waiting at the border .
Regardless of this , the recording of victims is not easy , as the authorities of the Communist East Germany did not accumulate such statistics , and researchers have to look at documents in various multiple archives , according to the State .
However , the State Group has recently passed new documents , and so it could come up with a new estimate of the number of victims in the near future .
The head of the LAF , Pone to Rio , has gone with the accreditation of the coach ; it is a surprise .
For the last few days , Kaspars Pone Rio de Janeiro , President of the Latvian Bathing Federation ( LFF ) , has come to the Olympic Games with the accreditation of the coach , but I feel surprised by it .
On Wednesday , a large scale of supplies came after Olympic bathing coach Alona Ribakov , Germana Jakubovskaya , who said he had decided to go to Rio , while the coach had to stay at home .
Alona Ribakova and Uvis Kalnins were initially approved on the list of drivers , coaches Jakubovskis and Daiv Collins , as well as the President of the Federation , Pone .
The Latvian Bathing Federation for the Olympic Games notified five participants , and even before the departure , Aldon Vrublevskis said German will be and is looking for tickets .
" Obviously , however , for objective reasons , he was not ' , Pone said , saying that it did not affect the outcome of Ribakov .
Uvya 's coach undertook to help her at the request of the federation .
Pone , who is himself a member of the LOK Executive Committee , strongly criticised the LOC 's activities by shifting blame on the Olympic sports supervisor .
In my view , it is unethical for the LOC 's Executive Committee to approve five persons and not take one of them .
" I do not know why the Bathing Federation did not have enough space , " Pone said , recalling that the presidents of the federations are not paid a salary .
Pone also criticised Jakubovski himself , saying that before the London Olympic Games , when Ribakova was not approved among the participants , he appealed to the International Water Sports Federation ( FINA ) and called on Latvia not to send any athletes .
Pone could not tell why he was in the Olympic Games with the accreditation of a coach , which was probably due to Jakubovsky .
" I 've been announced as president of the Federation ( " theam leader " ) , but for unknown reasons I received the accreditation of the coach and I 'm nowhere . "
The situation changed every day , the number of accreditations available changed .
Until the last moment , I think German will be , because I did not have any other information .
According to the information available to LETA , a couple of days before the start of Ribakov , she had a conversation with Poni and had tears in the eyes , but the LPF president himself said he had a daily conversation with the will to get the athletes before starting .
Pone recalled that the LPF monitors five sports under the Olympic programme and four of them also train children in Latvia .
The president of the federation said that drowning issues are also very important in Latvia , and he also spoke about such programmes , where he had been in Rio for almost two weeks .
He praised the work of the Federation and said that the 2018 World Cup in Latvia could take place .
Being in Rio is not my holiday , I am working here , I am spending my time and I am trying to implement the four - year programmes .
600 000 salmon juveniles will be put into Daugava .
During the reconstruction programme for the AS Latvenergo fishery resources this week , the release of salmon and neighbouring juveniles in Daugava near Mangallas is taking place , and this year more than 600 000 permanent salmon and coloured juveniles from the scientific institute Bior Tomes and Doles are planned .
Latvenergy told LETA that the admission of fish will continue in the coming months , with 6,300,000 juveniles and larvals of different species being admitted to the waters of the Daugabe basin every year .
In the spring and early summer of 2016 , the surface and nasty carriers will be released , in June - backs , in July - one summer salmon , in August and September - benders and vimbas .
Latvenergo Manufacturing Director Maris Kunickis said that environmental concerns are one of the cornerstones of sustainable development in the Latvenergo group .
" The conservation and reproduction of fishery resources measures are aimed at environmentally friendly actions , in close cooperation with the scientific institute Bior , involving both the rearing and entry of juvenile fish into the Daugau basin and other activities , " Kunickis said .
This year , more than 600 000 years old salmon and neighbouring juveniles will be admitted to the Daugava Estuary .
For the second year , juveniles have been marked by cutting fatty .
Today , 25 000 salmon juveniles with an average weight of 31.3 grams in the cargo taken off .
Every year , the composition and quantity of the species in Daugava and its water bodies are subjected to the release of juvenile and larval .
The reproduction of fishery resources in Daugava and its water bodies is carried out in accordance with the law , in Bior , on the basis of an expertise in the losses suffered by the economic activity of Latvenergo as a result of fish resources , and a conclusion on the compensatory measures to be taken to ensure the diversity of fish resources .
For its part , the National Environment Service , on the basis of that expertise , shall decide on the amount and nature of the compensation .
The annual compensation of the Latvenerg fishery resource recovery programme is € 1 035 000 .
In the spring of 2016 , Latvenergo , in cooperation with the " We Fish " association , deploys the 400 artificial spawning nest in Daugava near Kaibala and Ikskile .
Cooperation with the society to promote the natural spawning of fish is an additional initiative supported by Latvenergo within the framework of the recovery programme .
Stationing of artificial spawning nests in a waterboard is an important step to promote the protection and reproduction of fish resources in Daugava .
The Sansusi concert hall is the courtyard of the countryside , the forest , the flash .
In a tent , eating like a restaurant , walking lights and listening to investigated camermusic , enjoying a silent peace of nature , a combination of which is offered by the alternative camera festival in Sansusi , which is already calling for the third summer in the Aknissite Region .
The festival will take place in the courtyard of the former city of Susia , a village which is no longer in existence , alongside the forests and surfaces .
In three days , 12 to 14 August , a combination of the sophisticated enjoyment of natural and academic music in the sophisticated field can be combined to five scenes .
The theatre and the era of the circus , performance and installation are facing music here .
Opera and academic music , especially in its recent manifestations , find new listeners in a free and open environment without the strength of concert halls .
The distance from here to Riga is around 150 km , but to smile in the face and light only a couple of minutes .
" Please do not look for a programme , because we have deliberately chosen not to publish it beforehand , so that people do not travel to one particular event or artist , because the real taste of Sansusi can only be caught for three days , " he said .
The festival 's gate is at 17.00 on Friday and the first concert is at 19.00 .
Of course , there will be programmes on the ground with all the information .
For those who have to choose one day , we recommend a Saturday , because it is the most saturated , from 9 a.m. to the next dawn .
" The names of artists are available on the website www.sansusi.lv , " Armands Silins said .
The scandalous artist bullet includes , for example , violante Eva Bindere , Christine Blaumane , opzvaigne Inga Kalna , clannist Guntis Kuzma , thrompetist Janis Porietis , pianist Reinis Zariņš , Quadra and RIX , and even the Estonian air acrobate Grete Gross , which , together with Latvian musicians Erika Kirsheld , Martin Zilbert and Actress Anci Strazdu , has set up a contemporary circus show at Confines on the artist 's internal struggle .
Young people have also come to the festival .
The Kukainis children , who have been composed by Olesia Kozlovsky and Jekab Nimanis after Kafka 's transformation motives , will be displayed by an enthomologist ( insect researcher ) , Ugis Piteran , together with Armands Silins , musicians and actors .
Oscar Herlins is the first Steve Quartet and Anna Kirse - Tree Opera , a performance of which the main heroes of Andris Kalnozol 's regime , with the video projections of Katrina Neiburg and the script of Andris Egliges , will be trees in the three small clusters of three hectares .
When singed in the votes of Laima Ledine , Dinar Roudan and Zigmar Grass , they will enter into a romantic relationship , just like the Swedish Nature Scientist in the Enlightenment , Charl Lynney , in a study on the Koka Wedding ( 1729 ) .
Laura Ikauniece - Admidina , a seven - year - old athlete at the Rio Olympic Games , begins today .
The woman - Admidina - will start a 100-metre barrier race after Latvia 's time at 15:35 p.m. , while the race will rise at 16:50 .
The bullet will start on Saturday at 2.35 a.m. , while the bullet will start at 4.05 a.m. to 200 metres .
The seven - metre races will be closed on Saturday , when there will be distance , skipping and a 800-metre race .
Ahead of the Olympic Games , Ikauniece - Admidina , who won the bronze at the World Championships last year , was named as an Olympic medal candidate .
In May , Latvian scored a new record ( 6 622 points ) and won second place in the Austrian city of Gecis .
She also played in the London 2012 Olympic Games , when she scored ninth place in the record .
In the last year and a half , the athlete has rectified the record four times .
Artur Nikiforenko , who ranks over 100 kilograms in weight , is also planning the first round of the fight against the Azerbaijani athlete Uyangi Kukauri , in the first round .
For the judgist , these will be the first Olympic Games in his career .
As reported , Latvian judge struggle club Yevgenijs Borodavko suffered a loss of up to 100 kilograms in the weight rating on Thursday .
He conceded to the Japanese Hagu Rjunoski , who then won the bronze .
In 2000 , Vsevolods Zelony brought the Olympic Bronze Award to Latvia , while Latvian judgets in seven struggles won only one victory in London .
Dainis Uppelnieks will start shooting at 16:30 p.m. , and the selection will be completed on Saturday .
Upelnieks received an Olympic road sign only on the day when the composition of the Latvian delegation was officially announced , but later he told LETA that he was relatively safe to drive since April .
The athlete came to the Olympics as one of Latvia 's first athletes , trying to make the most of the training opportunities in the shootout .
At 19.05 a.m. , a 17-year - old Latvian barrier , Ketia Birzule , will make three final trips after Latvian time .
In three days ' time , or nine journeys , Burzule is in 25th place among 26 athletes .
On Saturday , the decisive final journey on medals will take place .
Today , it is also due to take part in the academic rowing of the race , which is to be attended by the Irish Latvian Sanita Pushpure .
On Wednesday , the race was scrapped due to unfavourable weather conditions .
Halfur will compete for 13th place in the Olympic Games in the C / D semi - finals at 19:10 .
She scored fourth place in the fourth quarterfinal tournament on Tuesday , from the third place to continue the fight for the medal , lagging behind just 0.65 seconds .
Pushpure fought 13th place in London four years ago , when Ireland was also represented .
Today , 24 medal kits will be divided into the Olympic Games : circle shooting , light athletics , bicycling , hanging , bleeding , trampling , juno , academic rowing , shooting , swimming , tennis and weighing .
He says that if Clinton is elected president , she will appoint Garland as a judge at the Supreme Court .
Harry Reid , leader of the Senate Democratic Party , is convinced that if she becomes President , she will nominate Merika Garland as the Chief Judge of the Supreme Court .
The Republican Party of the Senate has been blocking the approval of Garlande since March , when he was nominated by President Obama .
Senate majority leader Michic McConnel said that the next president will choose who will replace the current Supreme Court judge , Antonin Scaliu .
On Thursday , he said Clinton is confident that she will choose Garland .
He later said that he had not spoken personally on this subject with Clinton and that it was only speculation .
He praised Garlande and said Clinton 's team would not want to rock the boat with another choice .
Garland is the Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals in the District of Colombia in the United States .
The Republicans , who are blocking Garland 's nomination , are " clandestines " and are acting in the interests of Donald Trump as the Republican presidential candidate .
He also said that Trump is not fit for the job of the President .
The Treat announces a naked calendar for women and men .
The magazine Tret will work with the photographer David Belmer to set up the 2017 calendar in the style of the 1970s .
The 2017 DU Muse Calendar is expected to show new supermodels , not bare celebrities .
At the beginning of this year , President Stive Shaw said that his erotic art magazine differs from the old - fashioned Playboy because " Playboy is a male magazine " .
This magazine is for women .
He also seems to be talking about the calendar .
A press release on the calendar show says : " We need to return to pictures of perpetuating and classical injuries where the woman 's body does not confuse but inspires both women and men . "
Women will want to take part in this project , because it is an excellent work of art .
Models can be sent by electronic means or personally at a casting session in Los Angeles and New York .
The purchaser shall rambat the motorcycle .
On 10 August 10 of the stolen motorcycle Yamaha YZ250 , which was not registered , was stolen in Rembate 's courtyard at 10 a.m. , the State Police said .
The motorcycle owner wanted to sell the power through a preach .
The potential buyer arrived during the agreed time , set down on the motorcycle as if he had tried and left .
Employees at the Ogres police station in the Riga Regional Police State Police Station ask them to respond to anyone who can provide any information useful for the investigation in relation to the offence committed .
Please call : 65002403 ( working time ) or 65002400 ( all day ) .
Providers are guaranteed anonymity .
Greenland shark is the longest - living vertebrate animal - video survey
Scientists say that Greenland 's sharks have the longest life of all vertebrates on our planet .
Shark researcher Julius Nielsen says the record of survival belongs to a mother of 272 to 512 years old and five metres long .
A French court rejects a request to dismantle a shop in the Jungle refugee camp .
A French court dismissed the Calais authorities ' call for the dismantling of dozens of self - constructed shops and restaurants in a Jungle camp where several thousand refugees live .
At a hearing in Calais this week , the authorities said that the state should demolish 72 self - constructed shops , where people sell different goods in the camp , such as cigarettes and energy drinks , offer hairdressing services , tea 50 cents ( 40p ) and simple meals for a few euros in self - created restaurants .
In Calais , the Prefect Office pointed out that these self - established companies need to be dismantled because they form the shadow economy and do not pay taxes , as well as creating fire and sanitary risks .
The representatives of the humanitarian group explained to the Court that these small businesses are essential , as the food provided by governments and support groups does not meet the needs of the camp , in which the number of inhabitants continues to grow .
They also pointed out that self - created shops and restaurants often offer free accommodation and food to those most in need .
The court in Lille ruled that there is no legal basis for expelling people who have created 72 self - formed shops , but it understands the concerns of the prefect in Calais .
Judge Jean - Francois Molla said that food , coffee and restaurants play a bigger role than simply providing food for people who live in " extremely unstable conditions " .
He said that these places are places of peace for refugees and volunteers .
One of the places at risk of demolition is the camp cafe Jungle Book Kids , which provides more than 200 free meals a day , English and French training and provides advice on asylum issues for hundreds of unaccompanied minors .
More than 170 000 people have signed a petition to protect a child 's cafe .
A letter to Guardian indicates that dismantling a cafe " would be a disaster for these children , some of whom are only 8 years old . "
On Friday , two charities ' Refugee Assistance and L'Auberge des Migrants ' reported that the number of residents of the Jungle camp had risen to 9 000 , the highest figure since the summer influx .
Britain gets silver rugby - 7 , when Fiji 's state team golds .
Britain 's impressive rugby - 7 series ended on Thursday , when Rio Fiji , an exciting Deodoro final , defeated them with a 43:7 result .
Fiji showed the masterclasses in the ball , playing with a leg , supporting game and brutal force , fighting gold - the first Olympic medal in its history .
The defeat brought an honourable prize of comfort - the silver medal , which was Britain 's third medal today - and the British team can be proud of its success in the first 7th Olympic Rugby tournament in which they won New Zealand , Argentina and South Africa .
In the semi - finals , the Boking team defeated in the first half of 7:5 days .
But in any case Fiji is now in the best shape to win the 15-strong team .
It is unlikely , however , that Britain could be reassured by the fact that at least one British gold medal was won , and it is Fiji 's chief coach Ben Ryan , a former English coach from Wimbldon .
It was an exciting adventure for Britain .
Eight years ago , under Ryan , they lost the rugby - 7 series of the game in Adelaide .
This time they lost only one game .
Defeat is painful , but growth is surprising .
Fiji began the match impressively by refusing British power for joy .
Captain Tom Michel and his comrades were in contact with several coaches and the World Serie Championships with a 5:0 host for Ossea Kolinisau .
Jerry Tuwai also increased the predominance in the last four minutes by making the landing on the right .
The result was 12:0 and the British team had not even touched the ball .
Michel 's great power turnout did not allow the big Leoni Nakarav to score three points , but only slightly influenced Fiji 's result .
In the seventh minute of the match , Yasa Veremalua was in the right corner with a 17:0 victory over Britain .
Nacarava increased the predominance even further after the game and had left more than a minute by the end ... at the end of the first half .
Vatemo Ravouvou avoided some unwelcome British forces and crossed the line with points .
The obligation provided a result of 29:0 .
Fiji seemed to have been born to play rugby - 7 , while the British were still learning .
In fact , it is true .
The British team made a profound change in the midfield , breaking the Fiji line ... full of four minutes , which was good after the first half , until Joshu Tuisova scored a few more points for the Fiji team after a fantastic team game .
Den Norton scored points for Britain 's leftist corner and scored 36:7 , while the South Sea island fans sing , waved flags and danced in the ranks .
Fiji 's vibrant attitude can not be unadmired .
Mata Viliame made Fiji 's victory even more sweet with another subordination at the end of the match .
Fiji was able to celebrate the end of the game and the British were able to sit in the chamber after the defeat .
In the first half of the day , Fiji won Japan with a 20:5 result , while the British were over South Africa , with both teams on the floor and South Africans losing only a few points .
Kail Brown led the Box in the first half , while Den Norton crossed the line with a shining maturity and pulled the ball between the two in the second half .
Markus Watson , who is an English rugby-15 brother of Antonia , won the team 's silver medal at the end of the game .
The coach 's fight against cancer inspired Helen Glover and Heter Staning 's victory in the rowing competitions .
It will be the most emotional gold medal in these races , and it is already saying a lot .
From the first to the last crash , the gold moment of Helene Glover and Hetere Staningas played a special role on the Estacio da Lagoa .
Although there are only two athletes in the boat , they were accompanied by the support of Robin Williams , who inspired them to get the second Olympic Gold Medal rowing for women , becoming the first women in British sports history to make such a success .
They undoubtedly dominated because , for 39th time , they won an unprecedented victory .
Both great athletes with gulb elegancy sweeping over the surface of water do not fully reflect this triumph .
There is a whole team behind the rowing of each of the gold medals that works hard to keep athletes up and running , and a coach who , until 30 months ago , did not know whether or not he was going to face this day because of cancer .
According to him , it disappeared as quickly as it appeared .
I had bottle cancer , which is one of those that can and has been operated .
If not , it would spread throughout the body .
And the situation would get out of control .
It changes your vision slightly .
The will was discovered in December 2013 .
This trio was able to start the recovery procedure at the beginning of the 2014 interim season and reduce the length of the break to a minimum , if I may say so .
I needed income , so I had to recover quickly .
It stimulated recovery .
I was in hospital and I went down 6 , 10 and even 15 metres long distances , although the doctor said that a few steps would be enough .
It all started .
Rowing in itself is a challenge , but this time it was even bigger .
After the victory , the first thought was immediately on Williams , who was very worried all morning and spoke more than usual in the wake of the alarm .
Staning , who has served the Royal Artillery Unit in Afghanistan , said : " This was an emotionally difficult week , but it means a lot to me . "
It just confirms how much it means to us and how much I , Helen and Robin have worked .
The 3 years of Helen and Robin have been excellent .
Without Robin , we would not have achieved anything , so thank you very much to him , he is the best coach in the world .
I can not imagine a better trainer or better coach .
Helen Glover and Heter Staning have not lost any races in five years .
A couple reaches such an enormous speed that competitors can not compete with .
Even in the last 500 metres , when teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to approach , Staning and Glover were overwhelming .
We felt every moment .
Helena shouted : " Keep the rhythm , keep the rhythm . "
It is really important not to lose concentration .
We managed to get a good start , but at the same time we did not have high hopes .
On that day , we had no intention of overthrowing records , but simply rowing and winning the race , and that is what we did .
A couple of years will rest to decide what to do .
Next month there will be Stive Bashala , the Glover and Television Advantage Seeker .
For the time being , she simply wants to take a moment .
I did not want to say that this was my last competition .
That would have been too much of a pressure .
In London , it took me about six months to realise that I am the Olympic champion .
It was a new experience and I was very worried .
This time it took around four minutes .
She said : " It 's fantastic . "
A unique opportunity to look at the fantastic architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles .
Find out more about the Central Library of the city , as the Society of Historians of Architecture of South California holds a meeting with the authors of the book " Los Angeles Central Library : its Arts and Architectural History " , Arnold Schwarzman and Steven Jie .
Jes and Schwarzman intend to discuss and display the images of Bertram Gudhue 's design of 1926 , as well as the restoration of 1993 and extensions to Hardy Holcmann Feifer 's team .
The meeting will take place on 21 August from 14:00 to 16:00 in Salle Moderne , Art Deco in the Bullocks Wilshire , 3050 Wilshire Bulvaire .
Visitors will be able to see the central halli , exposure rooms , coct rooms and tea rooms .
Tickets must be purchased in advance ; SAH / SCC members $ 15 ; others $ 25 .
The nice and obsolete children of DTLA are undergoing domestic change ,
Celebrating the 1990s of the Central Library of Los Angeles - what else ? - as a new book !
Collegows will be " pushed to the last " as head of the Revenue Service .
According to him , Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis ( Union of Greens and Farmers ) and Finance Minister Danai Reizniece - Ozolai ( Union of Greens and Farmers ) are now " of primary importance " for the Revenue Service 's candidate to be appointed by finance minister .
Rajevskis estimated that the approval of the head of the Revenue Service is the " first big decision " that could affect him as a politician .
If it now starts to change position in the choice of candidate for the Revenue Service head , this will have a negative impact on their image in the public administration .
The transfer of the head of the Revenue Service , Colegova , head of the Revenue Service , is on the agenda for next week 's Cabinet meeting , according to the government 's agenda .
Collegows were nominated to head the Revenue Service by Finance Minister Reizniece - Ozola after the resignation of Inara Peterson and the end of the competition for the Revenue Service 's Director - General .
Dace Peleka , the Revenue Service 's chief , said in an interview with Latvian Radio on Thursday 11 August that if she were offered a candidate for the post , she could agree .
The finance minister later admitted that other candidates for the Revenue Service 's head would not be considered for the time being .
The head of the Saeima group , Raivis Dzintars , also admitted that the NA is still supporting Collegovs under the Revenue Service 's leadership .
In Spain , the potential for reducing the budget deficit is threatened by the failure to form a government .
A month ago , on 12 July , the European Commission ( EC ) recognised that Spain and Portugal had not taken sufficient measures to bring their deficits down to 3 % of gross domestic product ( GDP ) required by the euro area .
Estimates suggest that , despite the austerity measures implemented , Portugal 's budget deficit was 4.4 % of GDP at the end of last year and 5.1 % in Spain .
However , the European Commission decided not to impose economic sanctions on both countries , while setting fiscal targets in the near future .
One of the reasons why the EC did not , however , impose sanctions on the two countries is the growing Euroscepticism in many countries of the European Union .
Additional sanctions would only enhance such negative feelings .
Critics say that the EC is not consistent in its decisions by agreeing on uniform rules from the outset and then failing to apply them in practice .
For example , the President of the German Bundesbank , Jens Weidmann , said that Europe is losing confidence in this way , giving citizens the impression that the rules of the European Union are recommending , not binding .
The EC has now proposed , and all Member States have approved , an extension of the deadline for correcting the deficit until the end of this year for Portugal and until 2018 for Spain .
The European Commission promises to test the progress made by both countries in the coming months , while pointing out that both Spain and Portugal must be ready to introduce additional austerity measures if circumstances so require .
Initial forecasts suggest that the target set for Portugal could be met in due course and that the budget deficit could fall to 2.5 % of gross domestic product this year .
This means that , within the framework of the Stability Programme , the government of this country must implement austerity measures of 0.25 % of GDP this year .
These measures should be included in this year 's budget , with additional focus on controlling the cost of procurement of goods and services .
In the case of Spain , the situation is much more complicated .
This year , the budget deficit should be reduced to 4.6 % , to 3.1 % next year and to 2.2 % of GDP in 2018 .
In addition , in the next two years , consolidation measures should amount to 0.5 % of GDP annually .
The fact that , for eight months now , the Spanish political parties have failed to agree on the formation of a government makes it particularly difficult to achieve these goals , and it is becoming more and more likely that Spain may have to hold early parliamentary elections for the third time in a year .
However , opinion polls show that the political picture in the country remains unchanged .
The most popular party is still a popular party led by the current Prime Minister , Mariano Rajoy , whose election would win less than 33 % of the votes again .
Only the socialists have slightly enhanced their popularity , while the anti - austerity Podemos party , or " Together we can " and " Ciudadanos " , have slightly diminished their popularity .
The People 's Party wants to get the socialists and Ciudadanos involved in the government this month , otherwise it will not be possible to adopt and submit the draft 2017 budget to the European Commission for approval by mid - October .
Rafael Hernando , spokesman for the People 's Party , said that if the government fails to form and the parliamentary elections are held for the third time , Spain will become a ridicule of the whole of Europe .
The purity of beaches in the Gulf of Riga is critical .
After the fifth year 's survey , activists found that , unfortunately , the number of wastes found is increasing every year , and this is mostly due to visitors .
The most polluted bathing sites are in Riga .
The Capital City Council explains that bathing sites are cleaned up on a daily basis , but it is very difficult to combat dirty visitors .
In addition , land - based waste can be washed into water during rainfall , making a significant damage to its quality .
With the exception of Liepaja beaches and certain sites in Kurzeme , the purity of beaches elsewhere in Latvia is critical .
This announcement was made this week by volunteers in the " My Sea " campaign .
As the Gulf of Riga walks the fifth year on its feet , activists found that the number of abandoned waste has risen every hundred metres .
Unfortunately , this year , this criticism has come in .
" We see that this will be a year when the number of waste per 100 metres may even exceed 200 units , " said Janis Ulme , a spokesman for the expedition .
A Latvian Radio call , he was on the beach of Touja , where a volunteer march along the Gulf of Riga continues .
This year , even fluorescent light bulbs left in the sand have been collected by activists between the various municipal waste and the picnic .
The participant in the voyage and the organiser Ulme said that it is the citizens who are responsible for the pollution .
" The main source is the beach visitors themselves , as more than half of the total waste is plastic , various wastes , from bags , plastic parcels that are already in the degradation phase , they can no longer be identified , bottles , corks , " said Ulme .
Among the dirty beaches , there are also bathing sites in Riga .
For example , in Daugavgrive , nearly 800 units of waste collected on average every hundred metres , which is critical .
The campaigners also explain that almost every step , they also stuck smoking and do not use warning or banning signs everywhere .
" The average figures for all three Riga bathing sites - Daugavgivus , Vaxarbulles and Parents - are unfortunately getting big and far beyond the desired or target to which Latvia is allegedly moving , to reduce the number of waste units to 135 units by 2020 , " he said .
Cleaning of bathing sites in Riga takes place every day , even twice in the hotest days of the summer , explains city council spokesman Ugis Vidauskis .
However , the struggle with dirty visitors is very difficult .
We are returning to the cultural issue of these people .
" Those who examine alcohol , smoke and do all the things that can not , not even special marks , do n't work " , said Vidauskis .
Vidauskis therefore calls on bathing site visitors to report pollutants to the police as well .
One can call the police , safely point out these abuses and thus fight everyone .
Perhaps some new warnings can be imposed , but , as I said , it is unlikely that this will radically change the situation .
" Since everyone must just act together and tolerate such offenders , " he said .
Meanwhile , for the fourth time this summer , the Health Inspectorate has carried out water quality measurements , which can impose a ban on official bathing sites .
This year , as in other years , water quality is all too good and satisfactory .
Today , the situation is that all 56 bathing areas have been of good quality all the time and there are no bathing limits .
" Only the last time we will take our analyses at the end of August , " Normunds Kadikis , a senior environmental health inspector , said .
In heavy rainfall , land - based waste can be washed in water .
This , in turn , may affect its quality , says an environmental expert .
The Rotation in the Russian elite continues : the change of head in the Putin administration .
Abandoned ?
Vladimir Putin told Russian media that Sergei Ivanov wanted to leave the post himself and that he will now be the President 's Special Representative for Nature , Ecology and Transport .
When announcing the changes , Putin gave Ivanov a very good word to Ivanov 's television cameras : " Dear Sergej Borisovič , we have been working with you for many years and we are doing it successfully . "
I am happy with the way you carry out the duties entrusted to you .
I remember well about our agreement not to use you for more than four years as head of this Presidential administration .
I therefore understand your desire to change the scope .
And I hope that , in your new post too , you will make full use of your knowledge and experience .
It is highlighted , however , that chairing the administration of the President is a very important post and has made Ivanova one of the most influential people in the country .
Given that Russia is due to hold the Duma elections next month , rumours have been expressed that this step was linked to a power struggle in the Russian political elite .
Ivanov was also called a possible substitute for Putin as president , so the claim that he himself wanted to take up the presidential post of Nature Conservation and Transport has given rise to doubts .
Ivanov is Colonel General of the KGB and the Federal Security Service , according to the archive of Lsm.lv .
Ivanov has been an old and close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin .
He began his career in 1975 , where he saw Putin .
Later , when Putin became head of the Federal Security Service , Ivanov became his deputy .
On the other hand , the first Russian President , Boris Yeltsin , was appointed secretary of the Russian Security Council .
In 2000 , after Putin came to power , Ivanova 's " Information Security Doctrine " , which included the revival of state censorship mechanisms , was approved .
In 2001 , Sergei Ivanov became Russian defense minister and in 2005 he was deputy Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkova and was responsible for the development of Russian defence industry companies and arms exports .
Ivanov will now retain his seat in the Russian National Security Council , where the new presidential administration chief Vaino will also work .
The blame lies with the elite of the family Soviet party .
Ivanovs himself recommended that Vaino be head of the administration .
We have been known with Anton Eduardovic for a long time .
It is still from the time we worked in government under your leadership .
And for the last nearly five years we have been in touch every day practically .
" That is why I am convinced that by all professional and personal qualities he is ready for this work , " Ivanov said .
The blame comes from a family belonging to the Soviet party elite .
His grandfather , Karl , was its first secretary in the Estonian Communist Party , including ten years up to 1988 .
The Internet Medusa , with reference to the book " Self - determination and independence of Estonia " , says that at the end of the 1980s Karl Vaino had asked Moscow to allow the use of force against demonstrators .
However , he had received a refusal and shortly lost office .
Shortly afterwards , Chief Rabbi has moved to Moscow .
Anton Vaino has graduated from the Moscow Institute for International Relations and managed the Japanese language .
However , he has left the diplomatic service to work for the administration of the Presidential Protocol .
As reported , several high - ranking officials and even arrests have been shaken over Russia in recent weeks , including replacement of regional governors and federal representatives .
President Vladimir Putin is reshuffling the ruling elite ahead of the 2018 elections , according to politicians .
One of the main features is that more and more senior positions are being held by representatives of the structures .
The joint struggle in Niciforenko also loses the first Olympic Games .
This was the first round of the battle , and Latvia 's judge battlefield has finished its participation in the Olympic Games .
Trainer Oleg Baskin told Latvian Television that Niciforenko had very little hope , and that was already clear before the competition .
He also revealed that the jungle struggle suffered a shoulder injury .
Significantly , in order to get an Olympic road , Niciforenko had to be started in a different weight category than is customary - in the weight category up to 100 kilograms .
Azerbaijan 's struggle was 25 kilograms worse .
As reported , Yevgeny Borodavko held two and a half minutes in the weight category to 100 kilograms against Ryunosuki , while the opponent succeeded in a shot worth winning .
Latvia has concluded the judge race in Rio .
The dreams disappear in the sands of Rio .
Yevgeny Borodavko , a judge at the European Parliament , opened Thursday .
Yes , he had a more titled opponent in return , but the ambitious sometimes comes as a surprise .
He did not get .
The task of Niciforenko was even more complex , as less experience and an opponent also respected .
The result is similar , although he held for nearly a minute and a half more than Borodavko .
Unfortunately , in recent times , Latvian judgets have the most lack of ambition .
Gunars Kirsons and his financial statutor Vladimir Šestakov have been on the sidelines of the federation since Aleksandr Jackevicius left Latvia , Golden Score no longer takes place , the judge development is going down the curve .
Jackević , who advises Kazakh judgets here , and heirs are not seen by Wsevold Zelony .
But if you do not grow , you will not .
And that is the prerogative of the Federation .
That is why the president of the Latvian Judo Federation promised Rio to win the medals .
Flight far from reality .
We looked forward to Samoilovs / Smedins - Evandru / Pedru Solberg last night with impatience and concern .
Intriga 's " death " group - the losers are over .
The Latvian duty had a slight derogation - could also lose , but no more than four points in two sets .
The last game rose to tension .
Nobody wanted to die - the feeling over the wind - corn surfed the whole of the match .
For players , the burnt wind caused additional complications .
It seemed at first glance to be an ally of ours - which is more comprehensive - .
But it did not .
It was quite simple enough to play against the Latvian dutt here .
Serving so much for Samoilovu and waiting for him to ruin .
Canada went down and Cuba was broken up at the end of the first set and at the start of the third , because the load was not a joke .
The champion was at the time able to fish because there was little work , but when it was done it to honour .
Samoilovs was in two games with Smedin , who was in first place with 16:15 , but also lost 16 points .
But it could also lose 0:2 , because in the second set the deficit was -4 , but thanks to the wind , too , we managed to win .
The third had already crowned on the Evandru Service Label .
The chain was formed : the server was unconvincingly absorbed , the second game was often flying too close to the network and Samoilova left very few options for a fruitful attack .
If the Cubans were alien to Samoilovs on the square , then this time he was more successful , and it would only be unprofessional for Sahah .
The Kreil was wrong too , and symbolically enough he shook the last bloc .
The team loses .
This time , there was definitely also a lack of success : in the third set , only two attacks in Evandru flied almost out of the horn , but the bomb struck the line .
Two eats were next to the line .
The controversial episode also decided in favour of opponents .
If Evandru was torn with servers in the first two games , then it was very productive to us .
Together , we lost to the table .
Now we need to analyse calmly the causes of the failure .
Perhaps it should have been like many to live side by side with the stadium , not with a delegation in the Olympic village .
It took two and a half hours .
Perhaps a bit of self - confidence was given by a seven - final series .
Perhaps it was not necessary to play in Klagenfurt , but to come here faster and acclimatise better .
Perhaps it was a mistake to find the top of the sport .
For the time being , more than the answers .
Our bickers ended the game .
The dream of the medal is over .
What 's next ?
Some of the World Cup trophies remain , as well as Jurmala Masters .
Sembling with Samoilov has never been friends in life , nor will it be , because there are too different personalities .
But it is not necessary either .
When the dream of the Olympic medals has collapsed , the idea of divorce may also arise , as the blame will be sought not only in itself but also in partner .
It is not difficult to decide , but it will be much more difficult to find a dignified partner in Latvia .
Both brothers are playing a bag , but John and Toma have already tried and self - rested , while Mikhail Samoilovs is still too green to start conquering the tops of the world .
You may try to return to Harald Regge , Alexander Solovey , Edgar Toch , Martin Plavina , but it will not be better than this option , which has not once shown itself at the stages of the World Cup .
The sands of the cocaine were not smiling to them this time .
And everything .
Of course , it must also be borne in mind that beach voleyball is becoming more popular , young couples are entering the circulation , and only a rare amount is less than two metres .
It is not yet a guarantee of success , but it is an important argument in the battle for victory .
We do not longer .
Athletes and journalists alike have the opportunity to accommodate in the places offered by the games and choose their own .
The US basketball team is living on a cruise ship , part of tennis is not left in the Olympic village .
Similarly , some of the beach volleyballists have found a hotel in Co - Caban .
This time , very exaggerated prices were being charged for offering journalists to rather modest accommodation .
That is why the choice fell to the Irish apartment .
The risk is , because sometimes it can be uncomfortable from a logistical point of view .
This time , the risk is justified .
Together with Vladimir Vladimir Vladimirovics , the leaser 's apparatus on the Co - Caban and Ipanem border .
A beach 200 metres distance , half - hour march of the begging arena .
The district is safe enough , because favela patent , but vigilance must not be lost here either .
Vladimir Vladimirovics is not what some imagine straight away , but the most professional sports journalist in the Russian media Vladimir Ivanov .
Mr P.S. it seems that another medal dream was dreamed on Friday morning .
Laura Ikauniece - Admidina lagged behind his personal records in a 100-metre barrier and upgrading .
But there are still five disciplines .
After a 10-year break , " Porgium and Besa " sounds in Liepaja .
In Latvia , opera Porgijs and Besa experienced pre - testing in 1973 in the Latvian National Opera .
Since then , the internationally recognised shadow has not been repeatedly honoured .
That is why the organisers of the Ceosy Festival and the Liepaja Forum for Arts have decided , in close cooperation , to give listeners the opportunity to enjoy George Gertsvin 's seder .
" We are very pleased that , after a decade break , when Liepaja was able to enjoy the opera in the last time , this excellent version of the Great Dintar concert hall , Baiba Bože , head of the Great Dintar concert hall , has been enjoyed by us .
Opera Porgijs and Besa is a vivid musical story of love , its volatility , its passion , as well as the tragedy of life and simple everyday joys .
It reflects Afro - American vitality , music and rhythm .
It is precisely this lack of political correctness in this opera , this exclusion of tolerance , that makes it so alive .
" And yes , this lover is extremely strong , extremely beautiful and somehow deep , " said Viesturs Cairis .
What I like most - listening to or putting this opera in place - is always the stopping points - the famous models , the famous motives , but these transitions from one nature to another , highlighting one person or another person , or chorus or orchestra .
" It 's the most exciting , this construction " , the musical manager and director Andris Poga of the concert study of the opera Porgijs and Besa .
Visitors to the opera agree that this is a grand event .
It is a great pleasure for them to hear this world - famous opera of Guesvin .
It is a pious thing that Liepaja can feel the world 's breath .
" Performance professional " , the opera is evaluated by visitor Edgars Lama .
The concert test was special for the first time in the open concert hall Great Injintar beaten the orchestra and the first time a concert between the opera .
The square in front of the Museum of Arts could be named in the name of Jana Rozental .
Riga vice - maker Andris Ameriks said at the opening of Rozental 's exhibition that the museum 's own address could in future be not Krishjān Valdemar Street 10a , but Janis Rozental Square 1 .
The director of the Museum , Mara Lace , admitted that re - registration of the address would entail a great deal of bureaucracy , but generally the idea was welcomed and therefore agreed with the local government .
The city of Riga has set a kind of foundation stone for this idea in 1936 , setting up the Burkard Dzennis Monument to Janim Rozental , a museum .
The director of the museum at that time , Wilhelm Purvis , was one of the initiators of the monument .
In this way , this further action could be purely logical .
I am somewhat undermined by conscience all the time - but by Wilhelm Purvis , where are we going to put his name ?
" But if you promise to think , Mr America , " said Bear .
The National Museum of Arts has officially opened its doors in May this year after a major reconstruction and modernisation .
This week , the VEF Cultural Palace will finally be reconstructed .
The Pales will rebuild the Velve by around € 11 million .
A number of towns and cities will be renovated , including two spectators , and the building will be adapted to people with reduced mobility .
The Riga City Council intends to mobilise EUR 6 million in EU funds for the project , but Oleg Bourov , Director of the Riga City Council 's Property Department , admits that there is not yet complete clarity on European funds for the project .
" Despite the political will to start the repairs to the VEF 's Cultural Pill by mobilising the European Structural Funds , we are waiting for months for a decision , real action from Finance Ministry officials , the money will be it or no , " Bourov said .
Last December , we were told that everything depends on Brussels .
Two weeks ago , the Ministry of Finance received a letter from the European Commission that you will take your own decision that Brussels does not take a decision here .
We are now seeing another circle of discussions emerging , so we will see what we can expect in the coming days .
" I want to say that the Riga City Council undoubtedly guarantees that this process will start and be completed within the deadlines , " Burov said .
As reported , more than a year ago , in March 2015 , VEF Culture Castle collectively organised a farewell concert before the renovation of the building in the near future .
Although one year on , the renovation of the building was still not under way and collectively continued to work under inappropriate conditions .
In the strategy of the Riga City Council 's Property Department , the renovation of the VEF Cultural Castle is divided into sets of supposedly independent rebuilding works , where each will ensure that different city functions are carried out .
First : increasing accessibility of VEF Cultural City and developing surrounding areas .
It aims to sort out the surroundings and engineering and renovate the facade of the building .
Second : improving the supply of VEF Cultural Castle Services .
It plans to rehabilitate the building 's interior , wall and ceiling , improve the performance and study of sound recordings , as well as clean up the building 's internal engineering communications .
Thirdly , the improvement of collective working conditions for creative amateurs , which includes plans to improve workshops ' equipment , space heating and ventilation systems .
Before the Live , the legendary hand group of 40th anniversary can be found in Liepaja .
The exhibition will cover various Live items - photographs arranged in the weather line to reflect the group 's activities from the beginning until 2010 , when the group is announced to expire .
It will also display the participants ' screens , music instruments , prizes and concerts , as well as other things not yet seen to the general public that reflected the creativity of the Live Group .
The exhibition will be supplemented by the objects of the Liepaja Museum stock .
The exhibition 's visual presentation comes in cooperation with the fashion artist and painter Elite Pathalland .
The musicians associated with the Live Group and their relatives also responded to the call and shared both objects and memories .
The Lives originated in 1972 , when the Liepaja House of Culture founded a vocal instrumental assembly led by Juris Pavitol .
Ansamblis participated in the festival Liepaja Dintars 1972 and 1974 , as well as in the town and republic .
In 1976 , Juris Pavitol founded a group to join Ingrid Guttman , Andris Kruzins and Janis Produm .
Over the years , the composition of the group has come to me at least once .
The participants have joined , others have gone their way , some are back .
Above all , however , the desire to show that Latvian rockus is able to live and survive remains unchanged .
" What was not lacking - ginned , hairdry and beardy , these boys were felt to be different from the generally accepted stereotype of the estreotype . "
Besides the aforementioned musicians , there are excellent musicians such as Igo , Vilnis Krievins , Modris Stern , Valdis Starks , Laimis Racenate , Tallis Busbarniek , Ainars Virga , Aivars Brisis , Guntars Mucenieks , Dainis Virga , Thomas Klein and many others .
Entrance at an exhibition free of charge .
The exhibition ranges from August 19 to October 30 .
On August 27 , Liepaja 's " Put , Winds " will celebrate the Live 40th anniversary of LIVEST 2 .
Bulgaria is experiencing inflation for the first time in 8 months .
In July , Bulgarian national statistics showed 1 % monthly inflation .
This is the highest since 2012 and the first figure above zero since October last year when it was positive ( 0.2 % ) .
The average annual inflation after PCI in the last 12 months ( August 2015 - July 2016 ) was -0.8 % compared to the previous year .
In July 2016 , the Consumer Price Index was 101.9 % compared to the previous year and the monthly average inflation was 1.0 % .
Since the start of the year , the inflation rate was -0.2 % ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) and annual inflation in July 2016 was -0.2 % compared to July 2015 .
Compared to the previous month , in July 2016 prices increased for the following commodity groups : food and non - alcoholic beverages ( 1.7 % ) ; transport ( 1.8 % ) ; entertainment and cultural activities ( 6.3 % ) ; hotels and restaurants ( 1.2 % ) ; household goods and services ( 0.3 % ) .
Prices fell for clothing and footwear ( 2.2 % ) ; housing equipment , household appliances and regular home cleaning ( 0.5 % ) ; health ( 0.1 % ) .
Prices remained at last month 's level for alcohol and tobacco , management , water , electricity , gas and other fuels , communications and education .
Zbigniew Stankevich : Time comes and truth upstream .
Archbishop of the Catholic Church , Archbishop Zbignev Stankevics , in an interview with the Independent President , said that if we want to gain force , the Evangelian message must be put at the centre .
The force of the truth is greater than the darkness of the evil .
Many are already on the way to the Holiday New Maria Sky in Aglona .
What message will believers there get this year ?
In recent years , the desire to lead the main service in Aglona has been a Pope nun .
Consequently , it is up to him to have the content of the main message .
It also turns into a kind of tradition that the Cross Road is led by bishop Janis Bulis .
He , too , will shape his own message .
I have been chairing a festive vigilian service the previous day .
Last year I turned to Pope Francisca Encyclika , Laudato si , and updated the common house in it , the theme of the Earth in the context of Latvia .
This year ... I am , of course , watching what is happening in the world and trying to respond to it in my address .
My approach coincides with the church 's suggestion that the message of Evangelia should be put at the heart of life .
It must be shown that Evangelia responds to the most acute problems of human life and gives him inspiration on the way forward .
Then it addresses people .
But Cesses , in the Lampa discussion , you said that " we need to get back to the understanding of the full man " .
What do you mean by that ?
Does this mean that one turns away from the message of the church ?
And does the church have such a return resource today ?
In the Indian capital , a man who dies on the side of the road is robbed .
In the Indian capital , no one felt known of a man dying on the sidelines of a road - an hour on the side of the road and then robbed , the BBC said .
The man identified as Mattibul has been ricky in the day and worked as a guard in the night .
Matibile 5:30 went home in the morning when he was shot down by a passenger car .
A record of the observation chambers shows that the driver got out of the car to look at the victim and then left .
An hour after nobody felt aware of the bleeding man , he was robbed by a garant .
Around 90 minutes after the shooting , the victim was taken to a hospital where injuries had died .
Inga Kolegova , head of the State Environment Service , said Ojars Skudra , associated with the Social Sciences Faculty of the University of Latvia , withdrew his candidacy from the post of Director - General of the State Revenue Service .
The explanation by Collegow of the withdrawal of the candidacy due to contradictions in the ruling coalition is linked to the fact that she has prevented the government from falling .
In a sudden conversation with LETA , he was hard to imagine that Unity would support Colegova 's candidacy next week .
Consequently , if Unity ministers were to vote ' no ' , but Collegova would still be approved in office , this would lead to a resignation of the government .
The expert also believes that Colegova has consulted both Finance Minister Dan Reizniece - Ozola and Prime Minister Maris Kucinski prior to the announcement of withdrawal .
At the same time , it is a concession to " Unity " , which was firmly opposed to her candidacy .
In anticipation of the success of the competition in finding an appropriate candidate , Sudr admitted that there are two options : either a compromise figure will be chosen or the authority will continue to be chaired by Dace Peleka as Director General .
At the same time , he says that if the finance minister has so far claimed that there is no other candidacy , it is a wake - up call to Pelekae that he can not take part in the competition .
Colegova , head of the State Environment Service , has decided to withdraw his candidacy for the Revenue Service 's director - general .
The government postponed the appointment of Colegova as chief of the Revenue Service for a week due to objections from unity .
Following the government 's decision to postpone the decision , Kolegova confirmed that she remains ready to become the head of the Revenue Service .
However , she later changed her minds : in her application to Finance Minister Dana Reizniece - Ozolai on Friday , she said she would withdraw her consent to a transfer to the Revenue Service 's head and that she was not an easy choice .
Prime Minister Maris Kucinskis ' spokesman Andrei Vaivars told LETA that a new competition will be held for the vacant post of Revenue Service Director General .
An accident involving a police car was carried out in the centre of Riga .
A road accident involving a national police car was carried out at the Riga Center this afternoon .
A police car has rushed to the top of the category with sound and light signals , while Krišjānis Barona and Dzirnavu Street collided with another car .
Police explain the circumstances , but preliminary information shows that a second power station has not missed a police car .
A woman has suffered an accident .
Population decline in Riga this year
At the beginning of this year , there were 638 784 residents in Riga , which is 0.34 percent less than in 2015 , when 641,000 residents were officially registered in the capital , LETA was informed by the Central Statistical Office .
In terms of population , the capital of Latvia ranks 30th among the capitals of the European Union ( EU ) countries and large cities with a population of more than one million .
According to Eurostat , the EU 's statistical office , Riga has the highest proportion of women : Latvia 's capital is convincingly the first among the biggest cities in Europe , with 127 women per 100 men .
The three Baltic capitals have the highest proportion of women in Europe 's biggest cities : Vilnius , 123 , and Tallinn 121 per 100 men .
Warning pictograms will be deployed under the LNMM .
In the coming days , warning signs will be deployed in front of the Latvian National Museum of Arts ( LNMM ) - pictograms , Riga City Council Property Department spokeswoman Baiba Gailite told LETA .
Today , the museum 's glass speed rectification , which was the result of the activities of the scepticists , has been successfully completed .
Warning pictograms will be deployed in the coming days .
Its citizens will be told that the cover is slippery in rain and snow time , can not be travelled by cars , bicycles , scriples and scriptways .
Usakov also wrote on Facebook at the time , saying that no security risks were damaged , but " looks outrageous " , and Usakov would " have to change " .
Festivals for children and parents : new playgrounds for children in Riga .
This summer season , the municipality of Riga has installed even two new playgrounds in the city , Kipsala and Chikurkalns , which are already available to children .
A large multifunctional toy vessel with different royal cells , bridges , games , tubs and sliddles is installed on the beach of the Kipsala .
A toy area is intended for children of all ages .
The square also includes cradles and various balancing elements .
The fantasy world is being exacerbated by the stretch - off position on the coast of Daugau with a view to the passenger port and the cruise ships visible there .
In the playground , the house of games , the battle , the stairs race , the balance bridge , the cradle , toy bombs and other match elements , as well as the purse - purse and coordination training area , etc . , are installed in the fourth and fifth cross - lines of Chikurkalns .
A rubber cover is included under the square in different colours .
Up to the playground on the street , a new colourful bruggage cover was included .
The honey reveals a reconstructed road section .
Transport Minister Uldis Augulis , the Latvian State Roads ( LVC ) , as well as construction Binders and municipal representatives , opened today the reconstructed section of the main Russian motorway ( Grebneva ) - Rezekne - Daugavpils - Lithuania border ( Medumi ) ( A13 ) from Medums to the Lithuanian border ( 156.4 - 163.05 km ) .
Roads are a national map , especially border roads , so it is particularly pleasing to open a reconstructed phase at the border with our southern neighbours .
This is another example of the fact that , thanks to the cofinancing of European Union funds , the situation on the country 's main roads is improving .
" As forecasts suggest , the funds available for roads will be absorbed as early as 2018 during this programming period , and we need to think about how we can continue to maintain the most congested roads of very good quality , and also ensure the mobility of citizens in all regions of Latvia without EU funding , " Uldis Augulis said .
The Transport Minister also said that proposals by traffic experts on sustainable financing for Latvian roads will be presented to the government in the near future .
Construction works were launched by the SIA Binders in the framework of honey to the Lithuanian border ( 156.4 - 163.05 km ) and continued this year after a technological break .
The cost of reconstruction is € 13.5 million ( including VAT ) , co - financed by the European Regional Development Fund ( ERDF ) .
" The reconstructed road section is fully rebuilding the road and repairs will be launched next year from Mondus to Daugavpili , so the whole road from the Lithuanian border to Daugavpilij , " LVC board chairman Janis Lange said .
The country 's main roads are most congested , and by 2018 we intend to ensure that all the country 's main roads are in good condition .
The next task will be to maintain them in good quality by ensuring periodic maintenance and replacing asphalt every 7 - 9 years .
" This will , of course , require adequate funding , and all people look forward to the proposals made by the Expert Group to sort out the road financing system , " Lange said .
The project arranges road connections and lighting in the Honey Centre .
Significant works have been carried out : in four phases , large - scale dehydration and massive works of contamination and embankment , smoothing out the longitudinal profile of the road , which until now was very uneven .
Public transport stops have also been renovated and the rebuilding of the reverse area for public transport .
Previously , there was insufficient incapacity on the road and the topography in the area was not transparent due to mountainous valleys and the old road to a common topography .
The construction season is due to rehabilitate the road section from the Daugavpils city border to the renovated section ( 144.80 - 156.40 km ) .
This year , LVC plans to carry out various types of works in more than 1 100 kilometres of national roads .
Information on all works planned on the national road network this year is available on the LVC website www.lvceli.lv .
" The correct choice of food combinations is essential to achieve the desired results of weight reduction " , said Lithuanian dietologist Laura Romeraite - Kuklieriene .
In addition , this is easy to do during the summer period , when fresh fruit , berries and vegetables are growing in our own gardens .
A well - considered combination of dietary products can help not only to reduce overweight , but also to promote the various organism processes in a targeted way .
Macaroni and vinegar are a successful combination , as it ensures a lasting sense of satiety and helps to combat fat .
Studies published in the European Clinical Nutrition Magazine have shown that vinegars have a positive impact on blood glucose levels and help us to feel frustrated .
Peppers and protein - rich food , such as poultry or protein cocktails , produce not only a sense of satiety but also reduce cars after large meals in the next meals .
This combination of meals is also able to increase the calorie burnt by meal to up to 35 % .
Studies show that Kayen 's pippers can help to get rid of the stomach of fat .
Eggs contain a metabolic nutrient - cholin , while the pap is a good source of vitamin C .
The intake of sufficient quantities of these nutrients can reduce the level of cortisol , and hence the accumulation of fat around the middle of the body .
Oat flew foam , with fresh berry added , is another meal for burning fat and lunch that is worthy of its menu .
Fractures and berries of oats contain fibres which , according to Canadian scientists ' findings , control the green - appetite stimulating hormone - and thus also the sense of hunger .
In addition , berry contains polyphenols , which are aids for weight reduction , and prevents the development of fat .
Vegetables and protein are also able to do miracles in weight reduction .
Such a combination can create a sense of satiety .
Vegetables contain water and fibre , and therefore foster a sense of satiety .
At the same time , protein slows down the digestive process and provides a sense of satiety for a longer period .
At lunch , you can eat a chicken with legal chicken or make a protein cocktail from a finished mixture and enjoy it with your favourite vegetables .
Avoid any combination of products .
There are sugars - monosaccharides or disaccharides - compounds of one or two molecules .
In contrast , the starch in the vegetables is polyaccharide .
The fruit divides in the stomach mechanically , but it does not decompose chemically until it reaches the third or fourth stage of the digestive process under way in the intestines .
Starch is divided into three different stages that start in the mouth .
It is therefore essential not to eat a sweet food immediately after a meal .
When we eat sweet food straight after meal , it is trapped in the stand with other meals where it is not chemically dumped and it starts to flow .
Do not eat bread , potatoes , peas , bananas , datelets or other carbohydrate - containing products , together with citrons , lime , oranges , euprofruits , ananae or other acids .
Enzymous populine , which is present in inshales , operates only in an alkaline environment .
Fruit acids not only prevent the digestion of carbohydrates , but also encourage fermentation .
Do not eat eggs and meat , nuts and meat , cheese and eggs or nuts , meat and milk , eggs and milk or nuts , and combinations of milk and similar protein - rich products in a single meal .
Their processing requires different digestive juices , each with different strengths , characteristics and time when it comes to the stomach .
Arbuse , honeymelone , muscatmelone and other melons must always be eaten separately from other meals .
Melons are not dumped if they are in the stadium with other foodstuffs .
Fat in combination with protein - rich products .
Fats form a successful combination with starch , but the same can not be said about fat and protein : fat is hampering the digestion of proteins .
Protein can be combined with a very small quantity of fat .
If a large amount of protein - containing products is consumed , avoid the use of fat altogether .
This also applies to freshing : it is not advisable to combine a large quantity of nuts ( containing proteins ) with a whole avocado ( containing fat ) .
Such a combination hampers effective weight reduction .
How can we better prepare ?
" Cooking , thermal treatment leads to significant nutrient loss of between 15 % and 55 % of the original nutrient content of products " , said dietary .
In most cases , nutrients are lost , cooking food in water .
However , the nutritional value of certain foodstuffs is increasing , in particular by breeding .
It is preferable to use the liquid remaining after cooking the vegetables to prepare soup - in this case , do not lose the nutrients left in the water and can eat them later .
Vegetables are preferably prepared by vaporation as well .
Thermal treatment significantly increases the bioavailability of tomatoes .
By cooking tomatoes for 30 minutes , the amount of licopene increases by 25 % .
Thermal treatment also significantly increases the bio - availability of betacarotine in red , yellow , orange plants such as tomatoes , carrots , sweet potatoes and spinates .
The thermal treatment of eggs and meat deprives the natural properties of the proteins present , making them easier to digest .
Similarly , thermal treatment of meat and eggs makes the iron contained in these products and other minerals more readily absorbable .
It should also be borne in mind that freezing products may reduce the amount of vitamin C from 10 % to 90 % , while fibre freezing does not affect .
In a combination of bean and tomatoes , iron admission can be increased , which in turn ensures better brain and muscles .
Our organism receives up to 33 % less non - bloody iron found in plant products such as beans , leaf , cereal products than bloody iron found in animal products such as beef , fish and chicken .
You can considerably increase the absorption of non - bloody iron into the organism by using non - bloody iron products along with vitamin C , such as oranges , tomatoes and berries .
Vitamin C helps to change non - bloody iron so that our body can absorb it more easily .
Iron is necessary for the production of hemoglobin , which provides for the delivery of oxygen to muscles and brain .
In order to maximise the benefits of the island , add healthy fat , such as olive or linseed oil .
Add D to the rich salmon of vitamin D or sardine in the preparation of sandwiches , yoghurt , which is a good source of calcium .
Vitamin D increases the amount of calcium absorbed into intestions and plays an important role in the bone formation process .
Oats ( as well as other grain products ) , together with vitamin C sources such as strawberries , rivers , raspberries and other fruits or berries , help to stabilise cholesterol levels as well as avoid deterioration of arteries .
Snapchat Anime has been criticised for having caricatures
Snapchat 's representatives say that the filter is inspired by animation , but some commentators say it is racistly insensitive .
With this lensing effect , Snapchat allows 150 million users to change reality on a daily basis in a rather absurd way and to play with their own identity .
You can turn yourself into an analysis , a dog or an image that would fit into the paint of Roy Liechtenstein .
Lenses are purely distortive tools , generating more than 30 million converted selfs per day .
Any mistake is quickly made public .
The effects of the Snapchat lenses have been criticised in the past , with accusations that the app promotes too black or bright face towns as an ideal beauty benchmark .
This week , new lenses effects were published , allowing users to make silence eyes , tooth and round fruits , and some critics called it a racist Asian caricature , the ' yellow family ' .
Also , the question was asked as to whether such inconsistencies do not indicate that the company has greater problems with diversity .
News and public negotiations outbreak on Wednesday when The Verge and Motherboard said lens effects had been removed from the application .
The company explained that the aim of a lense is to portray the images of Anime , not to caricate people of Asian origin .
However , for people who have experienced racism , these effects reminded us of painful stereotypes .
Others categorically denied similarities with Anime .
Greis Sparapani , an American art student of Korean origin , went on Twitter for images with a widespread repercussion , she said in an e - mail that lense effects were " offensive and inconvenient to say the least " .
She added that it is difficult not to see the obvious similarity between the Asian cartoons and lenses .
It shows that lensing is not just a yellow face , but a yellow face in terms of racism .
Snapchat is not the only company that falls into this trap of culture .
American culture is also involved in the endless struggle for diversity and inclusion , from business meeting rooms to Hollywood and the devices we use everyday .
And the great youth audience of Snapchat , which represents different races , unlike the elderly , is more sensitive to such things .
If Snapchat lenses create a picture that offends users , " these things remain unnoticed today , " Katey Jou , 25 , said in an interview on Thursday .
On Thursday , the head of Medium products , Jou , deleted his Snapchat application and recommended that others do likewise .
She explained in her article Medium and telephone interview that she believed that racial problems arise as a result of Snapchat 's employment policy , which does not sufficiently support racial diversity .
Jou criticised the company 's management , which consists mainly of white men , and then closed its article with # DeleteSnapchat .
" This means that there is no racial diversity in the company , so whether some other racial representatives work in the company , but they do not hold the position to be able to express their views safely and conveniently , " she said .
Her opinion is shared by others , while Snapchat has not responded to her complaint .
The company does not reveal how many different races employees represent , as it is a private company .
Snapchat refused to discuss the origin of its employees , but its representative revealed that the company had recruited a specialist who would focus on ensuring that the company also represents racial minorities who are not well represented and will facilitate enterprise .
" I wonder if they really need more users like us to realise that this is not right . "
Congress chamber declares that military officers misrepresented Islamic State reports .
In a statement issued on Thursday , the Congress Chamber said that the US Central Command representatives misrepresented the reports , depicting the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria more optimistic than it is .
Analysts from the Central Command Intelligence Service expressed their general dissatisfaction with the interim report of the team set up by the Armed Forces Committee , the Intelligence Committee and the Subcommittee on Financing for Defence , saying that their leadership controlled reports of American success in the fight against the Islamic State .
The central command , known as Centcom , is the military base in Tampa , Florida , which oversees US military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia .
The latest news on this report shows that intelligence reports , approved by senior Centcom leaders , reflect the US 's fight against terrorism more positively than it is , and the facts were regularly distorted , representing better achievements than other intelligence analyses show .
Ken Kalvert of the Republic of California said : " The action of Centcom is unacceptable : it is our soldiers who are suffering if our policy makers receive false reports . "
The management mistakes of the Centcom can be found in senior management of the organisation .
This 10-page report gives a detailed picture of the existing problems in the Central Command and in its analysis of the American efforts to prepare Iraqi forces in 2014 and 2015 .
Although it does not provide strong evidence that senior officials of the Obama Administration have made reports misrepresented , it shows that the Centcom management has put some pressure on the analysts to present a more optimistic view of the threats posed by the Islamic State ( also known as ISIS or ISIL ) .
The report indicates that in the first half of 2015 , press releases , statements and reports from the Central Governance Press , Congress , presented the situation in a much more positive light than it was .
For example , Centcom representatives publicly announced that the recovery operation for Mosul could start as early as April or May 2015 .
Mosul is Iraq 's second largest city , still under Islamic State control .
Miche Pompeo of the Republican Party of Kansas said in his report : " The investigation of several months clearly demonstrates this . "
From mid-2014 to mid-2015 , the US Central Administration Chief Officials misrepresented the reports , portraying the ISIS threat in Iraq weaker than it was .
The Republican Party set up a working group to find out that the analysts are concerned that information about the Islamic State is being misrepresented .
As the investigation continues , the report published on Thursday will be followed by new findings in this case .
The Defence Ministry 's General Inspectorate shall carry out an investigation into the activities of the Centcom intelligence service .
Members of the Democratic Party of the Intelligence Management Committee on Thursday released their own report , in which they agree with some of the conclusions of the Republican Party Working Group .
Democrats ' representative Adam Shiffs said in his report that , from 2014 to 2015 , Centcom too limited the preparation of intelligence assessments reports on ISIS and Iraqi Security Forces .
Mr Shiff explains that this process " halted the dissemination of information " , worsened the ethics of analysts ' work and " spread facts that were not true . "
But Shifs and Democrats said there is no evidence that the White House has put pressure on Centcom analysts to draw up reports , " according to a predetermined or political position " .
The Daily Beast published the preliminary results of the Congress inquiry on Thursday .
In August , the New York Times reported that the Pentagon General Inspectorate opened an investigation following complaints from Centcom analysts .
Lutenant chief of Pentagon , Patrick Evans , said that Pentagon would not comment on the Congress report until the investigation continues .
He also added that experts sometimes interpret complex data differently , and the Ministry of Defence and the intelligence authority called for a constructive dialogue on vital national security issues .
The investigation is not limited to the question of whether the American - led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is successful ( a statement by an increasing number of representatives from the Ministry of Defence ) .
But last year 's accusations call into question whether President Obama can rely fully on reports from the Central Administration on military operations in Iraq , Afghanistan and other hotspots .
Criticism of Islamic State intelligence is reminiscent of more than a decade - old events , when Centcom 's intelligence analyst Gregory Huker released a study claiming that George W. Bush 's administration started an Afghan war with too little thought about its possible consequences .
Hucker also played an important role in opening the issue of Islamic State intelligence .
Last year , official representatives reported that the Huker team revealed that , in contrast to public reports , air strikes at Islamic State oil plants have not significantly worsened the financial position of the terrorist group because they had built temporary plants to sell oil on the black market .
The Times reported in the September edition that this discovery did not come outside the walls of Central Governance .
At that time , the commander of Centcom , General Loys Ostins III , received strong criticism because many lawmakers considered war reports to be too positive .
In April , General Ostin left and General Joseph Votel took his place .
The United States wins the first in a row in a U.S. box with Britain in a field hockey .
Cathey scored the first two goals for US women 's ice hockey team in Japan 6 - 1 on Thursday , when Americans defeated Indian team 3 - 0 .
The five - goal goal goal is an unforgotten achievement , but 27-year - old Bama said she could not remember whether or not she would ever have succeeded .
She said : " I have no idea . "
I am not one of those people who count their gates .
But she knows that the American result in the Olympic Games is 4:0 , which gives them no choice in their group with Britain , which was defeated by a 2:0 victory over Japan on Thursday .
The United States and Britain will meet on Saturday to play their last match in the first round .
The two teams have already qualified for the quarter - finals , and the match will only determine who is in first place in the six - team and who is in second place .
The winner of the first prize will avoid meeting with the strong Dutch team , the second group leader , for a little longer .
Although the match on Saturday did not turn out , Americans have already triggered a storm of surprise , four years ago , in London , they were in last place among 12 teams .
Bama was also in the team .
She grew up in Blubel , took the field hockey batter at the age of 3 for the first time ( her twin nurses already played this sport in Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 16 years old , becoming the youngest player in history .
She was not on the 2008 Olympic Games because she did not enter the final .
But 2012 was a failure for her and her team .
Next year , English coach Kreg Parham was appointed and everything changed for the better .
Bama called it " cultural , mental and physical change . "
In London we did not put as much work as we did now .
We have changed everything .
Bama scored a goal in the first half of the match on Thursday , scoring a shot from a close distance .
India began the game without winning its own account , but their team was very tough and held a minimum result of 0:1 up to the end of the third period when Bama repeatedly scored a goal .
She went into the screening of the screening of the country 's leftist side of the course , and said she was in the middle of the course and scored a bomb in the game , putting the Americans at 2:0 .
Melisa Gonzales scored another goal in the middle of the fourth period .
This was the first dry match of the US goalkeeper Jekeke Brugg , each of the first three games .
She is running .
And also Bama .
" We 're going very well now , " Pahams said , but how good it will be on Saturday .
The most depressing food of the depression is the " Saint meal "
In March 1933 , shortly after his election as President , Frenklin Delano Ruzvelt sat in the official room to hold the meal .
President Ruzvelt was tasted by fine gulinary delicates such as a geese liver box or a fagra and the soup of the Meriland turtles .
But today his meal was much more modest : filled eggs in tomatoes , potato thicken and desert pudding .
Jain Ziegelmane says : " This is a way of solidarity in cooking with people who have been very hard . "
Her husband Andriou Kou added : " This is also a message to the Americans as to how they should eat . "
A couple of Brooklyn Heights are food historians .
Kou 's last book " The South of Vegetables " describes the Chinese kitchen in America , while Ziegelmane describes life through a cooked lease in the eastern part of Manhattan in his book 97 .
Their new joint work " The Saint Malth , " which will be published by Harper on Tuesday , is a story of American food during the Great Depression .
They held a meal together , showing a degree of solidarity in the gastronic landscape , in Eisenberg 's Sandwich Shop , a simple lunch motory located in the district of Flatiron from 1929 , when the great depression began .
Mrs Ziegelmane , 54 , ordered a baker with fused cheese and broken olives , while Kou , 57 , ordered turkey , potato thicken and vegetable islands .
When a reporter ordered a falsified birds , a couple admitted that his choice was very appropriate for the conversation on the food of the Great Depression .
Mrs Ziegelmane said that the bag was very popular .
There were peanuts , liver and bean .
They were made from the basic ingredients and other ingredients which enriched the meals .
I imagined it was to eat so many peanuts to be in the place of lunch .
Mr Kou was shaky .
" It probably seemed the stomach was full of lead , " he added .
In the years of pre - depression , the American dinner table was like a Swedish table , particularly in rural areas .
Women were prepared to eat their men in breakfast , lunch and dinner with fresh prepared shoots .
During the first World War , it was the Americans who sent food to Europeans , describing how the Americans adapted to the conditions when the Americans suddenly had no more plenty of land .
" At the time , food became the main focal point of the American people 's everyday lives , " Mr Kou said , explaining why he and his wife wanted to write on this subject .
It was just as important to have new diets : unknown meals such as counterfeited birds and droughts became everyday , droughts were " an excellent way of using surpluses , " she said , as the coaches could hide unattractive ingredients under a cream .
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheap dried fruit .
Meat , which for years was the main component of American meals , now became an extremely rare luxury commodity .
At a time when the number of calories and the nutritional value of food was more important than the taste , new , unprecedented formations were born .
In an ancient book , Mrs Ziegelmane found a prescription for making butter - carried out with peanut butter .
Mr Kou adds : " It was not a popular addition to lunch table . "
" It was surreal . "
Peanut butter and bakery branch are incompatible .
Many home dietary prescriptions applied to difficult times .
Household economists such as Louise Stenley , Head of the Federal Household Economy Office ( FHEC ) from 1923 to 1943 , determined the eating habits of the country , which were not seen before or after the Great Depression .
By publishing articles and prescriptions in newspapers and magazines , they recommended that households become " economies " and take on challenges such as turning a macaron and carrot into a tasty meal .
" The Saint Maltese " is the fant of historical tastes .
It is particularly interesting to testify to the government 's attitude towards its hungry citizens , such as President Hubert Houver 's " let me eat a cake " .
Although he said publicly about his simple childhood and meals in the Aiva , in fact he was eating like the fine millionaire he had become .
Mr Kou says : " He liked the kitchen of Europe , such as a cucumber sick fish . "
He eated in an almost golden room wearing lunch - jacket .
He was completely dissociated from reality .
President Ruzvelta would have made the same mistake if his wife Eleonora had not advised him to set an example by his eating habits .
The book says Ruzvelts has ranked a domestic worker who did not teach to eat , so the White House became a place " where not only one of the worst diets was handed in Washington , but also the worst cooked food . "
As soon as the country 's economy recovers , most of the culinary customs of the era of depression disappeared .
But we continue to focus on calories and nutritional value , as well as on how to apply science in the gastronomy , Mrs Ziegelmane added .
A couple say that , in writing a book , they gained a greater understanding of the eating habits of Mrs Ziegelmane 's mother , for example why she was unable to discard food .
" She was really afraid to throw away the food , " Mr Kou said .
Mrs Ziegelmane said : ' She actually shocked people . '
Once there was an incident with wind cakes .
When we were feeding in the Eisenberg Ethood , a couple of writers dropped a dessert made from a bag at home : a flow dust that President Ruzvelt used to eat for a lunch .
" It is a flow dustbin , " Ms Ziegelmane said , adding that it was a common habit at that time to give a chic name to modest meals .
It does not contain maintenance , just dried fluxes , a bit of flour , sugar , water and cannal .
Everyone impatiently drew maps into the brown mass on the plates .
Surprisingly , it was not so bad .
Mr Kou eaten a few more bits .
He said to his wife : " The nut of a superfluous flask is good . "
Gilead will be reimbursed for legal expenses in the struggle with Merck for the Hepatitis C patent
A district judge has ruled that " Gilead Sciences Inc. " has the right to return expenses for the services of lawyers paid in the case of breaking Hepatitis C 's patent against the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc . "
In June , Gilead was acquitted with a fine of 200 million pounds for breaking two Merck patents , which threatened it in connection with the successful Sovaldi and Harvoni tablets , when a US federal judge found irregularities in Merk 's activities , such as lying after sworning and other unethical acts .
District judge Bets Labson Frimen said that Gilead has the right to claim compensation for legal expenses incurred in defending himself .
Merck is trying to get a position on the market against Gilead , which is dominated by the new generation of Hepatitis C medicines , which is effective in 90 % of liver diseases .
The case was already opened in 2013 , when Gilead and Merck were sued each other in an attempt to acquire ownership of the newly developed active component sofosbuvir , which is the main ingredient of Gilead .
The US - backed forces say they have taken full control of the city of Manbija from the Islamic State .
U.S. - backed forces have taken full control of Manbijan town at the northern border with Turkey and the last Islamic State soldiers have left the city , a group spokesman said on Friday .
The Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDS ) has now cleared the city out of the last anti - grassroots fighters that have not yet left the city .
They have released more than 2 000 hostages - civilians taken hostage by the militias , news agency Reuter told AFP Sharfan Darwish of the Manbidian military council 's ally .
" Today , the city is under our full control and we are searching for combatants , " he told Reuters .
Clinton 's income reached $ 10.75 million in 2015 and a couple paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 percent .
Hillary Clinton issued a 2015 tax declaration on Friday , which shows that her Democratic Party presidential candidate and his husband earned 10.75 million dollars this year and paid a federal tax rate of 34.2 percent .
In 2015 , Clinton has donated $ 1 million , mainly to his charity organisation of Clinton , with former President Bill Clinton earning around $ 5.3 million in his speech as Speaker and former Secretary of State earning $ 3 million from his book for work in the State Department , published in cooperation with Simon & Schuster .
Ally of Clinton : US Virginian Senator Tim Keyne and his wife Anna Holton have published their tax declaration for the last 10 years .
In 2015 they paid a federal tax rate of 20.3 per cent .
" Hillary Clinton and Tim Keyne continue to set new standards for financial transparency , " Clinton 's campaign partner Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement .
In contrast , Donald Trump is hiding behind various pretexts and excuses so that promises to disclose his tax information do not have to be fulfilled .
Disclosure of tax information paid is a record practice for US presidential candidates , but is not required by law .
New York Businessman Trump and his lawyers mention an audit of the State Revenue Service as a reason not to disclose tax information .
Your Move on Twitter , Clinton Campaign partner Ian Sam said on Twitter .
Trump 's special adviser Michael Cohen told the CNN that he would not allow Trump to disclose tax information before the audits were completed .
Critics of Trump , including Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican presidential candidate , and other Republicans , say that his refusal raises questions about his real property , donations and other business commitments , including commitments to Russia .
Clinton filled oil on fire by publishing a video on Friday where several influential Republicans are demanding that Trump publish his tax information .
She returned to the issue again during an economic speech in Michigan on Thursday .
She said to the crowd : " He refuses to do what other presidential candidates have been doing for decades . "
Politico says Trump has paid very little or no taxes in the 1990s and Friday 's New York Times business author said that many accountants and lawyers believe that nothing has changed today .
Federal tax rates are a fundamental issue in these presidential elections .
Clinton , in support of the billionaire Waren Bafeta 's proposal , promotes the idea that anyone who earns more than USD 1 million a year must pay a tax of at least 30 % .
This proposal is also supported by President Obama .
During his speech last week in Omah , Nebrasca , where his Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is also present , Bafet called on Trump to exchange tax declarations .
He is also audited by the Revenue Service and Trump is afraid of the electorate and not of the tax authorities .
The Clinton campaign has published tax information up to 2007 .
Clinton now lives in Chapakwa , New York and has paid an average federal tax rate of around 32 per cent between 2007 and 2014 and a total tax rate of around 40.5 per cent .
The 2015 Clinton Tax Survey shows that , unlike most Americans , only USD 100 of their income is a wage .
Their main investment was a low - cost index fund from which Clinton received $ 109,000 in dividends .
Kevin Dravbaugh , editor Jonatan Otis
Jewish film director criticises the Berlin hotel for dismantling the Israeli telephone code at an Arab request - RT news
French film director of Jewish origin made a storm on social media when he found that the Israeli telephone code was not available at the Kampinski Bristol hotel in Berlin , based on a claim by Arab clients .
Claude Lancmann , the director of the Holocaust ' Shoah ' documentary , did not hide his dissatisfaction with the Berlin hotel of Kampinski Bristol and addressed an open letter to the German FAZ .
During a recent visit , Lancmann tried to find an Israeli telephone code on the proposed list of a hotel .
However , this country was not included in the list of countries to which the hotel number can be called directly .
How is it possible that , in 2016 , in Berlin , the new German capital , Israel was swept off and destroyed ?
Lancmann writes .
Instead , the Kempinski Bristol hotel offers a call to this country through its call centre .
The director requested an explanation from hotel staff .
Lancmann wrote that the response " shocked him " .
The hotel administrator explained that " it is a deliberate hotel management decision " .
The reason for the removal of the code was even more angry about the film director .
" Most of the visitors are Arabs and they demanded the deletion of the Israeli code , " Lancmann quotes an explanation by a hotel worker .
Suddeutsche Zeitung says that the Israeli Ambassador to Germany , Yakov Had - Handelsman , had called the case a " great shame " .
We are surprised and shocked by this incident .
It is a great shame in itself .
And the fact that this has happened in Germany in particular is a further humiliation in this hotel network .
No explanations are required .
The official said : " We hope that the hotel will draw the right conclusions " .
This event also had a fairly broad repercussion on the Internet , where people called it a scandal .
Others believe that the Kempinski hotel has simply picked up Arab customers .
Another record said that the hotel was on the street of Kurfurstendamm alongside synagogue .
The Der Spiegel newspaper said that the hotel itself was quick to reject all the accusations , saying that all this was a " misunderstanding " and apologised to Lancman .
" We have not received any direct orders to remove Israel from the list of national numbers , " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted Kampinski .
And I add that the code is once again added to the list .
The police use rubber bullets and tear gas against Brazilian students protesting .
The clash between students and the police took place on Thursday in São Paulo , Brazil , where students gathered for a demonstration against reform of the government 's education system .
The police used rubber bullets and tear gas against students .
The problems started when law enforcement officers tried to drove out students , which led to the use of rubber bullets and tear gas by the police .
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to show their dislike at the reform of the education system .
The proposal by the Governor of Sao Paulo , Geraldo Alckmina , is to close almost 100 public schools , while 300 000 students will be transferred to other schools with a view to saving money .
Some demonstrators pointed on wall graffiti with messages against interim president Michael Temer .
This protest took place just a few days after the last protest , when students gathered for demonstrations to support the suspended President Dilma Rousefai , whose impeachment was voted by the Senate .
Scottish Kelum Skiner finishes first with Britain 's cycling of gold medals
Scottish Kelum Skiner finished the first male bicycle team in a Rio Velodom last night 's Rio Velodrome race , and the British team defended its 2012 London Championships title .
The 23-year - old athlete from Glasgow played an important role in these races , making the legendary Scottish Ser Cris Hoy a proud victory for New Zealand .
Four years ago , Britain won the fifth of its six Olympic Gold Medals with a surprising victory .
And they also repeated it at the World Cup in London , even though Hoy had already ended his career as a sportsman .
The problems were at the stage between the Beijing and London Olympic Games , which had to replace the experienced starter Jamie Staff .
They managed to do so at the last minute .
When Hoy went , he tried to fill Kian Emadi and Matt Krampton .
British coaches had hope of a Scinner , seeing his potential , which he later proved .
Hinde , Kenny , who began four years ago with Hoy and Skinner , had a record of Olympic qualifications , but the New Zealand team started the race better .
However , the British trio won the gold medals .
Hinde was the hard engines after his circle , Kenny led the way and Skinner defended the leadership .
The change of strategy played an important role in the victory , as Hindes went with more gear to allow Kenya and Skiner in particular to drive faster .
Hoy watched the race as a BBC spokesman and caught the eyes of Skiner , Kenya and Hindes when they went up on the pedestal .
A 23-year - old glassman said : " It was an unqualified honour . "
I am doing everything to defend my name .
In the final , we set the Olympic record and won the World Championship .
It was simply incredible .
There is no better victory .
Hinde admitted that after the 2012 Olympic Games with Kenya and Hoya , the race fell deliberately after the failed start .
Later , he rebutted the comment and the British competitors did not prove the opposite .
This time there were no incidents .
Hinde said : " British flags were recalled in the rostrum . "
Over the last 3 months , we have become a cohesive team .
We have lost so many of the World Championships , so the victory of the Olympic Games was indeed a special one .
One medal will race for a country that won seven out of ten gold medals on cycling in Beijing and London .
If this achievement is the team 's progress over the last five months , the next five days will be very exciting .
In the light of Kenya 's result , he could indeed repeat the success of Hoya in obtaining three Olympic gold medals .
Kenya would have six gold medals and one silver medal , and Kenya was also born on 23 March ( it looks like a holy date for the British , as Steve Regreiv , Mo Farach and Roger Banister were born this day ) .
Hoy was born on that date .
Kenya is the next race , starting today and continuing for the next three days .
The 28-year - old athlete from Bolton said : ' I am just enjoying it all at the moment .
A team trip is always the best .
Because then you can win with the team members .
To be honest , one is a little lonely . "
Hinde said : " If he extracts two more gold medals , he should be appointed in the armed round . "
On that day , it was the only struggle for medals , but it was not the only good news for Britain .
Sir Bredley Vigin , Ed Clensy , Steve Burk and Ovein Doull showed the fastest time to drive four kilometres to the four four - kilometres .
Their time was 3:51.943
The World Record , set up in London in 2012 , is 3:51.659 .
The first round and final will take place today in the second half of the day , where Vigin will certainly be the focus .
Yesterday , before his qualification trip , he had a disagreement with the Commissioner when the judges called him to measure his height .
On a women 's trip that will continue and end today , Laura Trota , Joanna Rovsel Shand , Elinor Barcker and Cathey Archibald from Milgavia set a new record time of 4:13.260 .
The British delegation hopes that the British cycling team will play the medals in the middle of the Olympic Games .
Bearing in mind the excellent and unprecedented performance in Beijing and London , everyone expects the same success for Rio .
Meanwhile , several scenes have been behind the scenes , with charges of sexism and defamation , technical director Shain Saton resigned , and Hoy and Victorie Bendleton also ended their careers .
However , at the start of the first swimming races , it seems that Britain will , as always , reach its highest level at the right time .
The future of the Portland slaughterhouse is becoming unclear due to the breakdown of an ambitious contract .
The future of the aluminium slaughterhouse and its hundreds of staff in Portland , Victoria , has become unclear as its main customer , the energy company , has announced the suspension .
This statement is based on the Victorian Government 's plans to stop subsidising the energy company , which is vital for the company to continue its work .
Subsidies of 20 years will be discontinued in November .
As a result , over 2 000 jobs in the Alkoa Portland plant are at risk .
Up to 2 000 direct and indirect jobs could be at risk .
In addition , it will also have unpredictable side - effects , as a slaughterhouse consumes around 10 per cent of the whole Victoria 's electricity supply .
In 2014 , Alcoa closed the Point Henry site , which led to the disruption of the Anglese power plant .
Alkoa Portland is working with losses and may be closed .
These events were the result of several years of speculation on the rising value of the Australian dollar and the production costs of the plant .
The factory 's energy supplier AGL , which supplies energy from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latroube Valley , says that it is likely that the other three owners will terminate their contracts as well .
Most of the power plants belong to the Alcoa and Alumia joint ventures , in addition to the shares of the company , are also owned by the Chinese CITIC and the Japanese Marubeni Corp holding companies .
" AGL " looks forward to the continuation of the Portland plant , which would mean a future energy supply hub , " he said .
" AGL " said that contracts are so - called " risk limiting contracts " , which are due to enter into force as of November 2016 .
Contracts have a 12-month validity period and will therefore remain in force until 2017 .
" AGL " is planning to receive revenues from these contracts for the 2017 fiscal year as well , " a spokesman said .
From the 2018 fiscal year , the potential profit effects are constrained by favourable future market forecasts for wholesale electricity prices .
AGL claims that it has already included $ 187 million in losses in its forecasts , predicting that these contracts will be terminated .
Alcoa says that the decision to terminate contracts will not affect Alcoa 's ability to continue operating or to supply it with energy .
The US company says it has concluded a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010 , but it will cease to do so in November .
Analysts have voiced concerns about both the possible closure of the Portland Circus in Victoria and the closure of the Tomago plant near Newcastle , due to the weak economy in the sector .
Steven Mikelson , CEO of AGL , said last week that the analysts estimated that Portland spent 600 megawatts and Tomago 900 megawatts of energy in a year .
If both of these plants leave the energy market , energy demand would fall considerably .
And that would not be good at all .
The Community legal centre rejects 160 000 people every year .
More than 160 000 people are dismissed each year , with the situation likely to deteriorate as the budget falls .
Three out of five people in Queensland - mostly pensioners , immigrants , vulnerable workers , victims of violence and those who do not have the means to combat illegal evictions - are denied free legal assistance and representation .
The Community legal centre , which is already overburdened , warns that the situation will only get worse when funding falls .
As early as June next year , these legal centres will receive 30 % less funding than they have done so far .
Jame Farel , Director of the Legal Center in Queenland , said that the latest report of the Association of National Legal Centres suggests that legal aid is currently being refused to thousands of people in need .
If this decision is not revoked , then the situation will only get worse .
He also says : " The legal centre in Queensland is constantly underfunded , meaning that aid is refused to thousands of people in need . "
People trying to put an end to violent relationships , people with deep debts , families in divorce , workers who are dishonestly dismissed - all these people have legal problems and this report shows that they are not getting the help they need .
As of June 2017 , the Federal Government will cut funding by 30 per cent , which means that several thousand more people in Queenland will have to deal with their complex legal problems without help .
We call on the Attorney - General and the Senator George Brandis to immediately halt the cuts , so that those in need of legal aid can get it .
Last year , the government revealed its plans to raise the level of legal aid to the national average .
Now it is also time to focus on the needs of local communities and their clients and the Palazzucka Government to invest in this important area .
Donald Trump 's campaign has been sued for taking a firearm out by one of his staff
New York : Donald Trump 's campaign organisers are sued in court for failing to act on the fact that their North Carolina operator turned a firearm against an employee when they drive a car in February .
The incident was described in a court claim lodged by Vincent Bordini , a former campaigner , before a court in Charlotte on Wednesday .
Bordini said that he had been waiting for months for the case to be brought internally , but realised that this would not happen .
Driver Eurl Philips " took out a pistol , put his right finger on the board and opened the bub against the Vincent knee , " Bordini said in his complaint .
He also claims that by lodging complaints to the local and regional campaign management , Bordini learned that at least four more people had experienced the same thing .
" Weapons do n't need to be fired to cause damage , " Bordini said in his complaint .
Just two days before the case was brought , the Republican candidate for the presidential post caused a scandal , stating to people that " the people of Amendment 2 " , i.e. the owners and enthusiasts of arms , could act if his rival Hillary Clinton and his elected judges won the election .
Trump 's campaign spokesman said the media had cut his words out of context and had never incited anyone to violence .
Bordini wants to recover compensation from campaigners for negligent surveillance , and Philippines for attack , illicit use of weapons and emotional stress .
Trump 's spokeswoman , Houp Hix , did not comment straight away .
It has not been possible to contact the Philippines .
WCCB - Charlotte local news agency reports that Philippe has recently left the campaign .
His consultancy firm " Innovative Advisory Services " has also failed to call .
Donald Trump , the Republican presidential candidate , has conducted a controversial election campaign .
Case Bordini v. Campaign Committee " Donald J. Trump For President Inc. " 16-CS-14300 , General Court , Charlotte Supreme Court .
A new tradition - postal and sports celebrations in Borwell .
On Saturday , people gathered for the first time in Borwitz .
After ten years of celebration , it was decided this time that there would be no festivals for Lake .
A new page has now been switched .
The day began with sporting competitions .
This time the race was not traditional and too serious because , for example , the shocks had to be thrown into the sleep , the boot flied , the throw of the man 's left , the " bombing " had not been at all in any Olympic Games .
However , each participant could show how strong , courageous , successful and resilient he is .
After the sporting games , everyone gathered in an open - air estrade where the holiday began .
In the meantime , there was also a " baby corner " where young people were able to manage in blown attacks and get a new image in a facial box .
News , which could also become a tradition , was a debit of motor gear on which both tractors and motorcycles went .
Inga Kadiķe - Skadina , the head of the Borwell Postal Authority , who wished a nice rest and a dry time , was all addressed , but it could not hamper much .
The celebration continued on welcoming the younger people of Corucille .
Indeed , it is a good thing that the stomach has been added to five girls and one guy .
Hostage performances had collectively arrived in amateur arts from the Engures region - audiences were very pleased with the performances of the Senior Dance Cluster " Ruden Rhythm " , the Dance Performers of different Peoples " Reds and the Golden Pearl of young dancers .
And it was nothing that someone had to slip on the wet stage .
Of course , local people and villages were delighted by the famous actor dute Janis Jarans and Dainis Porgants , who were again Mildina Nabina and Clear Kranina , as well as the burning wives of Berzzmitt from the fishermen 's back of the Dailys .
Balli played the Brugis group .
Britain must maintain the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow .
Heathrow will not only contribute to prosperity and growth in local regions and London , but also in the whole country .
This , in my view , makes Heathrow very attractive , as in 2012 in London , where we put a huge amount of work into making all the countries ' regions benefit from the Olympic Games .
Stratford and Istand benefited enormously from the Olympic Games .
And we will do it again by providing local people and businesses with business opportunities near Heathrow .
For local communities alone , we will create 10 000 new business opportunities , 40 000 new jobs and finally put an end to youth unemployment around Heathrow .
Like the London Olympic Games in 2012 , there will be people who believe that this challenge is too great and that the expansion of Heathrow is too ambitious .
At the time , people said that Britain would never be able to prepare for the Olympic Games at a time and that it would be a global failure .
The sceptics were wrong for 2012 , and in the case of Heathrow , they will not be right either .
There are always obstacles to overcome , but Heathrow has overcome everything so far .
Like the Olympic Games , Heathrow is an infrastructure project that will benefit the whole of society , not individuals .
Enlargement is an opportunity to create up to 180 000 new jobs , economic growth of 211 billion , creating the breeding ground for both employment and experience at this airport and across Britain .
There is an excellent team in Heathrow , which has created an investment programme for 11 billion pounds of pounds in infrastructure , entering into time and budget , from a terminal 5 , which has been named the best airport terminal in the world for five years to a terminal 2 , built between the two most intensive runways in the world .
They are now ready to set up a third runway , which will be financed by private investment worth £ 16 billion .
The London 2012 Olympic Games were a great success , and I am sure that this will also be the expansion of Heathrow .
It is time to revive the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow , securing our trade future and creating a new employment environment of which Britain could be proud .
Lord Paul Dayton is a member of Heathrow 's board and former Commercial Secretary of the Ministry of the Economy .
In Switzerland , a woman is on a motorway in an attempt to commit suicide .
The mid - night of the victim was on the highway .
Police are trying to find witnesses to an incident when , early on Thursday morning , she crossed several cars on a motorway .
The accident occurred on Thursday , shortly after midnight , on an A1 road near the city of Morges in Canton Vo .
The Vo Canton police report says that , in a desperate desire to commit suicide , the woman had led on the road in the dark , where he had been driven by several cars .
Clearly , in an attempt to kill ourselves , the victim , the 49-year - old Swiss , crashed several cars , including a truck .
She died on the ground .
Several drivers involved in the accident have already given evidence , but others have not yet been clarified , police said , calling on the drivers and witnesses involved to respond .
The case is also the subject of a criminal investigation , which is a logical step in this case , lawyer Gilles Hofstellers told the edition of Le Tribune de Geneve .
However , it is not yet known whether any of the drivers involved will be penalised .
Was it possible to avoid the collision ?
Hofsteller adds : " This will be clarified by the Public Prosecutor . "
Two similar cases that have taken place over the last 5 years show that none of the drivers will be held liable .
In both cases , a pedestrian was on a motorway in the middle of the night , so it was decided that drivers could not predict a pedestrian being on the mid - night road .
Last year , a police officer was justified in negligence killing when , in August 2014 , she drove a man sleeping on the A1 road near Paiyern .
The 22-year - old was drinking and then noticed to sleep on the road .
The Court found that the police officer who was on the road to the accident came in a way appropriate to the circumstances , and the judge found that the sleeping man on the road was " totally unpredictable and extraordinary " .
Anyone with information about the Thursday accident near Morges is invited to contact the police by phone 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44 44 .
Signatures are gathered on the Internet for a new Revenue Service head competition .
The Avaaz.org petitions portal launches the gathering of signatures for a new Head of the State Revenue Service ( SRS ) .
The petition addressed to the ministers of the National Alliance ( NA ) and the Union of Greens and Farmers ( Greens / Farmers ) indicates that the public wants a transparent and professional nomination process .
The petition was set up on 10 August and has now been signed by 55 people .
The nomination process for the Revenue Service 's Director - General , Inga Kolegova , is non - transparent and unprofessional .
It recalls the best functional traditions of the Soviet Union .
It discredits public administration and once again makes the public disappoint in government and politicians .
" A competition with clear criteria to be assessed by all candidates is necessary " , the text of the petition says .
Its author , Janis B. , said that the public is not aware of the criteria chosen by Colegova for the post .
Similarly , it is not clear what the candidate intends to do in the Revenue Service .
The petition states that the Chancellery of the State must create a new , open competition that actively addresses professional candidates , attracts staff selection professionals and offers adequate remuneration .
Finance Minister Dana Reizniece - Ozola officially nominated Colegova as head of the Revenue Service last week , the government was expected to appoint him in the new post , but all Unity ministers voted against , so the issue was postponed by the week .
Samoilovs : If you lost , I played badly .
Alexander Samoilov and Janis Schmedin have hoped for the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro , but there is no difference where to close the matches , Samoilovs said .
One of the world 's most powerful beach volleyball couples loses to Brazilian Evandr Gonsalves Oliveira and Pedra Solberg Salgad 1 - 2 ( 16:21 , 22:20 , 7:15 ) in the final and decisive game of the tournament .
In three subgroup games , Latvian athletes won one victory , but the same ratio was for two more couples .
The ratio of three couples ' small points , which was the most disadvantaged in the match after the overwhelming loss .
" We 've been in the first season , but we 're in the first place and we 're in the first place .
I do not even know how the remaining part of the seat remained unpointed .
It can not play .
Then , in the second set , everything was fine and the match was broken at the top and it should have been a good basis for the third .
We started it in a similar way , but when the parties changed , the result was only one team .
We had too many mistakes in the attack .
In the subgroup , all the teams were similar , in almost all the matches , there were three seats , so the small points were important .
" It was necessary to play more than return 3 - 4 points in a row . "
We knew that Evandru could be emphasised .
" We 've got 1 - 2 points in the first set , " Schmedin said .
We tried to show the best game .
Sometimes it came , sometimes not .
I did not look before the match , but I knew it was as small as possible .
" If you lost , then I played badly , " Samoilovs said .
We expected a good serving from Evandru and we dealt with it quite well in the first sets , but in the third he opened a server and it was difficult to make an attack .
In turn , I made a lot of mistakes in reception directly at the Pedra Serve , but it had to be dealt with .
Samoilovs said that , unlike the previous match , the athletes had no nervousness today .
" We walked , we played , but the defense was better , " he said .
" They played well and they got to the urger in the end . "
Before the tournament , we said straight away that the lotter was the inconvenient one could have been .
We also had the chance to fight for the first place , but we did not even go out of the group .
" All of us were expecting the medal and we were also waiting for ourselves , but then there is no difference - 25th or fourth , " Samoilovs said .
I think that there will be no question and we will continue to play together , because this is just one tournament .
Samoilov Rio was the third Olympic Game in his career as he was in Beijing in 2008 with Martin Plavins and four years ago in London with Ruslan Sorokin .
Meanwhile , for Smedin , it was the second start in the Olympic Games .
Latvenergo also follows the process of opening up the gas market from the position of potential trader .
Latvenergo , the state energy company , has been following the process of opening up the gas market from the position of both the consumer and the potential trader , said Ivita Bidere , spokeswoman for the company .
" The decision as to whether or not Latvenergo will join the gas market as a trader in the future will be determined by the gas market model and the legal framework to be established . "
" For this reason , for our part , we are actively engaged in drafting and commenting laws and we are making our proposals . "
BNS has already said that the Ministry of Economics , in cooperation with the Public Services Regulatory Commission and the energy company Latvija Gaze , has drawn up draft Cabinet of Ministers ' rules on the marketing and use of natural gas , which will change the existing principles for the functioning of the natural gas market by giving natural gas users the right to choose freely as of 3 April 2017 .
In its work on the new regulation of the natural gas market , the aim of EM is to make the natural gas trading process as simple and user - friendly as possible .
Therefore , a " centre - of - the - trader " model is chosen as the most efficient and user - friendly service option , where all customer service activities are provided by the trader : one contract , one bill and one place of provision of information and customer service , leaving the technical questions of the natural gas distribution system to the distribution system operator .
A similar solution is now being implemented in electricity trade .
We recall that household customers will be able to continue to receive natural gas from an existing trader at a regulated price after 3 April 2017 , even if they do not wish to choose another natural gas trader .
" In such a case , the obligation to supply natural gas to related customers at a regulated price is imposed on the public trader " , the ministry informed .
For its part , operators will have to select a natural gas trader with which to conclude a natural gas trade contract .
Until a natural gas trade contract is concluded , the trader of natural gas will provide the traders with natural gas for a certain period of time at a certain price .
The draft Cabinet of Ministers ' rules provide detailed rights and obligations for the natural gas trader , the system operator and users .
Rules shall lay down rules for the supply of natural gas to , and the interruption of supply to , customers , requirements for the safe use of the natural gas system , the rights and obligations of a trader , a public trader , a system operator , a user and a gasified facility owner for the supply and use of natural gas ; the modalities for settlement of services received , the rate of delay interest , the modalities for switching traders and the supply of customers in case of disruption of natural gas supply ; the arrangements for the supply of natural gas to related customers by the public trader .
The coldest morning since June rains shortly .
Friday 's sunscreen temperature in nearly all of Latvia is +6 .. + 9 degrees Celsius , with +4.7 degrees recorded in Mercraga in two nights , which is the lowest since June 14 , according to the Latvian Environment , Geology and Meteorology Center .
Only in Liepaja remains at night temperature slightly above +10 degrees Celsius .
The clouds in the country as a whole are small , rain temporarily , stronger in Kurzeme and in the North Vidzme .
The wind blows slowly south .
In Riga , the air cooled to +8 .. + 9 degrees Celsius in the morning , at +6 degrees Celsius in the international airport .
Wind blows south , south - east 3 - 5 metres per second .
The maximum temperature in the Latvian Environment , Geology and Meteorology Center observation network ranged from +15.2 degrees in Aluksne to +19.9 degrees in Jelgava on Thursday .
On Friday , the sun will walk with clouds .
Friday will be a relatively sun in Latvia , bub clouds will bring a short - term rain to places .
Air warms up to +17 .. + 20 degrees Celsius , prevailing for moderate western wind .
In Riga , a cloud can bring a short - term rain to a place , the sun will heat up to +19 degrees .
Weather conditions are determined by anticyclone branch , atmospheric pressure 761 - 764 millimetres of mercury at sea level .
The highest temperature in Europe on 11 August was +38 … + 39 degrees in Spain , Greece and Cyprus .
Lowest night air temperature on Friday -3 to 8 degrees in northern and central Europe .
In the Aspianian Boulevar , a man armed and armed is detained .
State Police detain arrested an armed man in Aspazia Boulevard on Friday , the state police said .
The State Police has been informed that an inadequate man who armed himself with a weapon appears to be heavily robbed through the Aspian Boulevar .
The calling carrier suffered an accident and the man was detained by another carriage .
A gas weapon was found at the rocked man .
As reported , the State Police ( State Police ) machinery in Riga Centre could be called on Friday in a rush to call .
The accident occurred on a category A call or in order to prevent a situation in which human health or life is at risk .
However , there has been a collision with a passenger car in the corner of Baron and Dzirnau Street .
Minister : Next week , the Revenue Service 's Director General 's salaries will be raised .
Finance Minister Dana Reizniece - Ozola ( Greens / Farmers ) plans to talk next week to Prime Minister Maris Kucinski ( Greens / Farmers ) and government coalition partners about increasing the salaries of the State Revenue Service 's director - general .
Reizniece - Ozola told journalists on Friday that the issue of increasing the remuneration of the Revenue Service 's director - general needs to be addressed as a matter of urgency in order to make the post more attractive to potential re - competitors .
Also next week , there will be talk of changing the terms of the tender .
The minister also emphasized that she is not thought of any particular candidate to address the vacant post .
At the same time , Reizniece - Ozola said that Inga Kolegova , the head of the State Environment Service , would have been a good director - general of the Revenue Service .
The Revenue Service 's current chief , Daci Peleko , reiterated that the new Revenue Service 's director - general should have a " look out " and should not come from the Revenue Service 's body .
She also emphasized that Saeima was expected to return from leave in order to move forward as soon as possible the amendments to the law needed to reorganise the Revenue Service .
As reported , the State Environment Service 's head , Inga Kolegova , has submitted an application to Danai Reizniece - Ozolai ( Greens / Farmers ) , who is withdrawing his candidacy for the Revenue Service 's Director - General .
She said in her application that this is not an easy choice , but in the last two weeks her relatives have been under serious emotional pressure , although they have not taken any action to be condemned by law .
Collegova also said that discussing her candidacy has increased contradictions between the ruling coalition parties , which is also unacceptable .
Inara Petersone , the former Revenue Service 's director - general , resigned at the end of June .
Oil prices continue to rise ; stock exchange indices in the US and Europe are rising , as are the value of the US dollar .
World oil prices continue to rise on Friday morning , with investors ' mood being positively influenced by Saudi oil minister 's expectations for the OPEC meeting in September to stabilise the world oil market .
The three main US stock exchange indexes reached record levels on Thursday , which had not been observed since 1999 .
The main positive factor in the market was the rise in oil prices and the strong financial performance of several large companies .
The rise in oil prices and strong financial figures for several companies on Thursday also led to an increase in the European stock exchange index .
The value of the US dollar increased on Thursday in relation to the euro , the pound of Britain and the yen in relation to Japan .
New York e - commerce price of crude oil deliveries rose by USD 1.78 to USD 43.49 per barrel in September .
The price of the Brent crude oil mark for deliveries rose by 1.99 dollars to 46.04 dollars a barrel in London in October .
Canning manufacturer Blue Lagon 's turnover decreases by 33.8 percent last year .
Canning company 's Blue Laguna turnover was EUR 4.202 million last year , which is 33.8 percent less than a year ago , while the company 's losses fell 5.7 times to EUR 904.7,000 , according to the annual financial statement published in the Lursoft database .
The company 's management report says that in 2015 , the company worked with several losses , including the persistent lack of workable assets caused by the withdrawal of Unicredit Bank from the Baltic market , the termination of the previously existing credit line , and the leaving of the Blue Lagoon with no possibility of fulfilling it .
As a result , the company did not have sufficient resources to buy cheaper raw materials in large volumes and to obtain a rebate in volume .
The withdrawal of the bank in question from the Latvian market also prevented the company from carrying out European Union Structural Funds support projects , which would have allowed the plant to buy new production equipment and upgrade infrastructure .
Likewise , the company 's financial performance in the last year was adversely affected by the rise in commodity prices and the reluctance of customers to pay more for the goods produced by the company .
" Only in the second half of July 2016 , customers admitted price changes and were ready to buy goods at new prices , " the company 's management said .
In 2015 , the Blue Lagoon also started talks with potential investors , including valuation of the company 's movable and immovable assets .
Investors have already been with Unicredit Leasing 's largest creditor , where parties are familiar with and discussed possible investment plans .
At the same time , the company 's activities and development were positively influenced by the implementation of the restructuring and optimisation plan in 2014 and 2015 .
This plan included improving and optimising technological processes that allow greater productivity and capacity to be achieved .
" Several equipment was purchased that provides higher production speeds , " the company 's management said .
The management of the Blue Lagona said that the equipment purchased in 2016 will allow the company 's plant to carry out orders that were not feasible so far .
The first batch of production to be produced on this equipment will be ready in August .
Since protocols of intent on the sale of a product have already been signed , all the products will be sold on the basis of intent protocols .
The new product will increase turnover by around € 300,000 a month " , said the company 's management .
In August 2016 , the company also plans to sign a cooperation agreement on supplies of fish products to Iraq .
The Blue Lagon has sent the first experimental container to Israel in 2016 , expanded the market outlet to Cyprus and signed a cooperation agreement with a new supermarket chain in the US in September this year .
As a result of all the above measures , the company intends to increase its turnover .
In 2014 , the Blue Laguna worked with EUR 6.347 million in turnover and EUR 5.113 million in losses .
The Blue Laguna was founded in 1997 and has a share capital of EUR 1.156 million .
The company is owned by two Latvian individuals , Mikhail Kaidanov ( 89,11 % ) and Igor Sirson ( 10,89 % ) .
Welcome to the 15th museum to await a cinema live in Soar Leander and to take part in a press conference .
Riga can be seen as the beginning and inspiring city of the gifted cinema life in Saar Leander .
The village of Zaaa Landere at the intersection of Rutt , the Swedish Ambassador to Latvia , turned out to be fatal in Riga in 1924 because she revealed the unusual low contract of a woman in Zaar Leander , who was tried to debit at the scene of the theatre in Riga .
Perhaps it was by accident in Riga that it became a fatal turning point in the Saar 's creative path towards the glory of the world .
Riga Zara Leandere had warm memories , and she hoped to come to Riga on a row , but unfortunately these expectations were not decided to come true as World War II began .
Using the shape of the show , this meeting will be possible at Riga Festival 2016 and the great Zaar Leander will play the role of great Ieva Kerevica .
Extensive traffic constraints are imposed in the area of the agglon .
In order to ensure the safety of participants in the hosting of the Holy New Marie Dessy , the Latvian State Roads were to be shut down from 17:00 to 15 August this year on several roads around Aglona , the State Roads of Latvia were informed .
Aglona 's festivals and public transport will not be subject to these restrictions .
It should be borne in mind that on the P62 Kroslav - Preili - Madona road , from the Kroslav station to the Kroslav station ( 0.80 - 4.00 km ) , only public transport and pedestrians will be able to cross the building site at the Festival of Aglona .
Other road users will be trafficed on the roads of the victim , the scheme in the attached file .
Traditionally , a large number of participants , including pilgrims , arrive on these celebrations .
Therefore , drivers must be particularly careful , as there will be intensive pedestrian movement on various road routes to Aglona .
We call on drivers to be aware of the traffic restrictions imposed , to respect the organisation of traffic and to take account of the possible longer journey time .
Water temperature in all water bodies is below +20 degrees Celsius .
The water temperature is falling below +20 degrees in all rivers and lakes , as well as at sea , according to the Latvian Environment , Geology and Meteorology Center .
Offshore cooled to +16 +18 degrees Celsius , wind affecting the western coast of the Gulf of Riga has fallen to +13 degrees Celsius , and to +9 degrees Celsius .
Water temperature is +18 .. + 20 degrees in Lieupe and Daugava , as well as the big lakes , in other water bodies + 14 . + 19 degrees .
A year ago , the temperature of rivers and lakes reached +24 .. + 25 degrees on 12 August , with warm water up to +22 degrees on the southern coast of the Gulf of Riga .
A Russian army plane has been identified near the Latvian border .
Russian army plane identified near Latvia 's border , BNS learned from the National Armed Forces .
On Friday , patrolled planes over Baltic Sea neutral waters at Latvia 's territorial sea border have identified an IL-20 Russian force plane .
BNS has repeatedly reported that Russian army aircraft and naval vessels at the Latvian border are detected on a regular basis .
Two children have been sexually assaulted in the entertainment park in England .
Police in Berkshire in the English town of Berkshire are searching for an attacker who sexually exploited two six - year - old girls in the Legoland entertainment park , Daily Mail said .
The police asked parents to study the photographs taken in the entertainment park as they may be in the offender .
Girls have told parents of the events .
The man was a girl unknown , white skin colour and about 20 years old .
Kurdish activists occupy the German public broadcaster building .
A 30-hour protest group took place in Düsseldorf , a public service broadcaster , on Thursday evening , to hold a protest in Düsseldorf , which was held for nearly two hours , German police said .
Demonstrators who arrived with posters with them had been sounding different slogans , trying to draw attention to the current situation in Turkey .
Officials say the demonstration was broadly calm and the protesters left the building voluntarily at the request of the staff .
The insurer pays compensation to passengers on the flight cancelled on Wednesday .
If insurance paid a travel insurance to a family for the cancellation of a flight at Riga airport on Wednesday , 10 August , which had to abandon the planned music festival .
If on 11 August , an application for remuneration was received from a client in insurance .
The family had planned to go to the music festival in Belgium , but due to the cancellation of flights at the airport on Wednesday , the customer was reimbursed for accommodation bookings that could not be cancelled , as well as for tickets purchased at the festival , amounting to EUR 204 .
The money spent on air tickets has been promised to consumers by the airline .
If Insurance from all travel insurance claims has , on average , paid compensation in 15 % of cases for interrupting or cancelling travel .
" At such times , costs for the purchase , return or exchange of tickets and reservation of accommodation are reimbursed " , says Dagnija Rutka , head of the Insurance Product .
As we know , on the evening of 10 August , a private plane stopped on the runway to Riga airport due to technical problems , so several flights were cancelled , while several arriving flights had to be redirected to other airports .
Due to the repair of his neighbour , a man is being forced to leave his homes under a cut - off ceiling .
Dmitry Saidiasev , a neighbour who has begun a capital repair in his apartment since then , has been crowded by the cap and is not sure that he is safe .
The problem is that my neighbours carried out arbitrary construction and the ceiling in my apartment has been damaged .
Then I informed the Riga Building Board , House Manager and other organisations .
The Construction Board said that we are not an operational service and we have no expert .
" The owner of the apartment must go to the Latvian Engineers Union and there will be an expert from there , " Dmitry said .
The guest expert came , recorded what happened and admitted that the cover was in an unsatisfactory state .
However , a month has passed since the first application by Dmitry in the construction board , and by the beginning of this week , nobody was able to answer whether or not there was a risk of life .
In the construction work , it is legislation , wait if you are not happy , write everybody in turn .
" Then I wrote to the Riga City Council , but they sent the house manager , then the house manager again to the construction work and then there is a deadlock , " Dmitry said .
After considering the whole paper box , it is clear that the construction works have been stopped , although someone can hear at some point that they are working there .
Another two months should be the subject of an expertise and within six months for the flat owner who carries out the repairs , all these defects should be remedied .
The independent expert has drafted his opinion , but the construction board considers it incomplete and superficial .
The expert has not indicated whether the metal mode in this carrying construction has been affected , so there is no certainty that the lower apartment owner is in danger .
" That is why we have requested further clarification from this expert , " said Ilze Juka , spokeswoman for the Riga City Council .
Despite the ban on any repairs to the upper apartment , it is still clear from there that the construction is continuing .
The fine for arbitrary construction without a construction permit is between € 70 and € 700 , but in a given case the fine can be much harsher .
While an expert opinion is awaited , the construction board has decided that both apartments should not be operated , both in the construction and in the Dmitry flat .
" This is an unprecedented case in the work of the works , where in this way , due to its unknowledge or simply unwillingness , citizens are likely to be in danger not only to their own property but also to the lower property owner , as a result of which this owner can not exploit his property , " he said .
It now remains for Dmitry to look for another place where to live - relatives , friends , hotel or rent another apartment .
But Dmitry can try to recover the damage from his neighbour in a civil way , which can take a lot of time .
As a result of the arbitrary construction , both apartments are now banned until the construction engineer reaches his conclusion , and this may have to be expected for up to three weeks .
The damages incurred will have to be covered by the owner of the flat in which the repairs took place .
The owner of this apartment is also threatened with a prison sentence of up to six months because the construction board has not taken account of what it says .
Cheer you !
How kind of pioneering ?
The right answer is five .
In Ukraine , five white launes were born in the zoo in Demidova near Kiev .
Everyone feels well and sometimes gets to the common , despite the fact that a common baby is fed .
The conversion of the former Koker hotel into a five - star hotel will cost € 22 million .
The transformation of the former Kumer hotel into a five - star hotel Park Hotel Ķeri will cost EUR 22 million , as Park Hotel Ķeri 's spokeswoman Gita Zelve told LETA .
The creation of a hotel is the first step in the reconstruction of the former sanitation of the Kherms .
The second stage will be the wellness clinic , which is expected to be opened in 2022 , while the hotel is scheduled to open in May 2018 .
He noted that the exact cost of clinics is not yet known .
However , she says that it will be located in the polyclinic building of the former Koker resort , an area of around 12 000 square metres .
The clinic will be stationed in three floors .
Park Hotel Kumeri and the proposed clinical owner are the international fund , G Capital Europe , which invests in European assets .
The owners of G Capital Europe are several investors who invest in the fund , according to Zelve .
As G Capital Europe 's CEO , George John , said earlier , the former resort polyclinic is planned to invest between € 12 and € 15 million , totalling over € 30 million .
As reported , more than 42 hectares of renovation of the cultural park , upgrading of access routes and street streets , building an interactive natural tourism facility , spatial planning and parking in Emila Darzina street , will contribute to the socio - economic development of the city of Jurmala and increase in tourist numbers , the Jurmala Council plans to mobilise EUR 14.5 million from European Union funds , cofinanced by EUR three to four million .
Design works are expected to start by mid-2017 , and construction and reorder works will start in the autumn of next year .
As reported , the historic Kumeri hotel will be set up for Park Hotel Kumeri and wellness .
However , reconstruction prolonged .
The 2010 report also said Ominasis had regularly communicated with Kampinski , a hotel operator that continues to provide day - to - day technical control in the Kemeri hotel and that the reconstruction of Kemeri 's future hotel would be definitely completed in 2011 and preparations to open the Kampinski hotel would start immediately .
In October 2014 , Park Hotel Ķeri , who was a member of the Auction , confirmed his willingness to buy the stock of Kumer Sanatories of the insolvent Ominasis Latvia , but one month later , the auction was found not to have paid for the purchase at the time .
The sale price was set at the start of the last missing auction of EUR 2.86 million .
As LETA was informed by city council spokeswoman Ieva Aile , the municipality has confirmed that the infrastructure adjacent to the co - financing of the European Union Structural Funds will be rebuilding the historic Kumer Park , setting up an interactive natural tourist facility , roads and car parks with the support of co - financing from the European Union .
President Antonenko will hand over the Order of Three Stars .
President Raimonds Vejonis will hand over to Alexander Antonenko on August 16 , 2016 ( AFP ) - President Raimonds Vejonis will hand over to Alexander Antonenko , a class III of the Order of Three Stars , according to the president 's agenda .
The award ceremony of the three stars Order will take place in the House of the Mellacia at 13:00 .
According to the Latvian National Opera and Ballet ( LNOB ) , Antonynko has graduated from Jasepa Medina 's Music College in 1998 , where he has learned a power game and singed at Margarita Georgdeva .
Studied in the Wocal Department of the Latvian Music Academy of Arvid Luste .
In 1997 , he began singing at the Latvian National Opera Chorus , while in 1998 he was debuted with Oberto 's role in the Alcine opera .
Won the 2003 Grand Music Award for Vocal Performance at the operas and Verdi in Requequequim .
In the 2004 - 2005 season , Latvia 's most recognised tenor , which is anchored by the world 's biggest operators .
Since the autumn of 2004 , he sings Düsseldorf Deutsche Oper am Rhein , the Berlin - Graz opera , the Dresden Semperoper , the Oslo and Stockholm Royal Opera , the London Coventgarden opera , the Montekarlo opera , the Vienna State Opera , as well as the Geneva , Dresden and Düsseldorf opera and the Salzburg Festival .
In 2009 , Antonenko debated with great success the role of Metropolitan opera Prince in the Nar .
In 2011 , he singed the Otello Titloma in the Paris Operation with Ricardo Mutti and the Chicago Symphonic Orchestra , in a Coventgarden operation , he singed the Luidzhi Camp in a new innovation and took part in a " Girl from the West " studied by Christof Loy in Stockholm .
A year later , Antontónko singed Otello 's role in the London Coventgarden opera with great success .
The email of former NATO commander Briedlow has been hacked by Russian hackers .
Hakers , who hacked computers from the DNC , may have carried out several other cyber - attacks , have also hacked the emails of former NATO chief of European forces Filip Briedlow and Open Society Servers of the George Soros Institute , Bloomberg reported on Thursday .
Hackers have been published on DCLeaks.com .
This includes , among other things , a correspondence from Briedlow and information on the work of the Soros Institute .
For hackers , the Institute 's computers have been available for a year .
According to Bloomberg , the same hackers associated with the Russian services have been committing these cyber - attacks on DNC e - mails .
The Wall Street Journal reported that the Obama administration is currently examining the issue of imposing new sanctions on Russia in response to the hacking of DNC computers .
The administration will have to officially accuse Russia or hackers supported by the Russian authorities of a cyber - attack on the Democratic Party 's servers .
As reported , the WikiLeaks website published around 20,000 e - mails from the DNC computer system in July , which clearly tried to harm the party 's candidate Hillary Clinton 's former rival Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders ' campaign for the run - off of democrats in the presidential elections .
According to US press sources , the Federal Office of Inquiry , which is conducting an investigation into the harassment of democratic servers , and other US services , believe that Russia 's engagement with a cyber attack is almost unquestionable .
McCartney : The Beatles threatened Joko Ono 's presence .
Paul McCartney admitted that the presence of Yoko Ono has created a sense of threat to the legendary group The Beatles .
The 74-year - old rock star is currently maintaining " good " relationships with the widow of late John Lennon , but when she went into a record study , she frightened McCartney because Ono was the only woman among the members of the group - George Harison , Ringo Star , Lenon and McCartney .
When asked the singer about both relations , he replied to the Rolling Stone magazine : " They are really good . "
We felt in danger at the time .
As long as we recorded , she was sitting on the enhancers .
Most groups could not tolerate this .
We were able to do it , but we were not very successful because we were very tense .
We were not sexists , but girls did not usually come to record studies , they allowed us to work .
When John began to meet with Yoko , she was not in the check room , but in the middle of our four .
The author of Yellow Submarine also disrupted Yellow Submarine , admitting that he is now in regular contact with former member of the group Ringo , and approves plans for Apple 's records from time to time , but otherwise The Beatles has " stopped working " .
Asked if he still meets the other only member of the legendary rock group , McCartney said to the Rolling Stone magazine : " Often no . "
We meet in social events and in ballets .
However , I am not going to the meetings , I feel a bit isolated .
I went out of Apple during a heavy divorce .
I sent John Imman to the meetings and said : " Leave me what everyone says , because I can not sit at the table . "
It was too painful as if you could see your own animal dying .
The company is now working in such a way that I just listen to all the records .
I am part of the approval process .
NASA climate model : Venera has ever been a habitable planet
Based on the latest climate models of NASA , Venera has ever been a residential planet .
The scientists of the NASA Godard Institute for Space Research have developed a model to explore Venera 's history , using tools and algorithms , which are also used by climate scientists .
The model was designed to determine whether Venus , whose surface is hot , where there is no water and whose atmosphere consists almost exclusively of carbon , has ever been under conditions similar to the Earth .
Scientists have said in the past that Venera 's slow turnout is due to the dense atmosphere .
However , the latest simulations show that Venera has ever had a plan , an atmosphere similar to the Earth , and slowly turned .
The model also looks at the former topography of Venera .
There have been more dry areas on the planet than on Earth , but there has been enough water and geographical diversity on the planet to make life and prevent evaporation .
In the early days of Venera , the Sun was 30 per cent more bright .
In the simulation of the GISS model , the turning model in Venera reveals that the bright part of the day lasts for 2 months , GISS scientist Antony Del Genio said in a press release .
This process warms the surface of the planet and leads to a rain that , in turn , creates thick clouds that act as an umbrella , protecting the planet from the heat of the sun .
The result is a moderate climate temperature , which is actually a few degrees lower than the temperature on Earth today .
The model portrays Venera 's history , similar to evolutionary theory developed by scientists in their hypotheses .
Although ever inhabited , over the years , Venera has been exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet rays .
Their oceans weighed out and the lengths were burnt by ultraviolet rays .
When the water was completely abandoned , only the carbon dioxide atmosphere of the plan with a deadly greenhouse gas , Venera , as we know today , was left over .
Scientists published the results of the new Venera climate model in Geophysical Research Letters .
Patrick Roy resigned as coach of Avalanche
On Thursday , the coach of Colorado Avalanche and the vice - president of the ice hockey operations , Patrick Roy , submitted his resignation , citing the insufficient influence of the team 's decision - making process .
Colorado Vice - President and General Manager Joe Sakik confirmed the news and said the club would start looking for a new coach immediately .
" For the last three years I have been performing my duties vigorously , enthusiastically and determinedly as chief coach and vice - president of the Coloradic Ice Hockey Operations , " Roy , 50 , said in a statement .
During this summer , I have thought a lot about how I could improve the team 's performance in order to give it the lucidity it needs and achieve a higher level of results .
To achieve this , the visions of the chief coach and vice - president of the ice hockey operations must be fully in line with that of the organisation .
He should also be able to influence team performance decisions .
At present , these conditions are not met .
Say , who hired Roya on 23 May 2013 , thanked Roy for his contribution to the team .
It will be said that Patrik informed him today of his decision .
We appreciate everything he has done for the organisation and wish him all the best for the future .
In his first season with Avalanche team in 2013 - 2014 , Roy was named the League 's best coach and won Jack Adams ' prize .
The club has been in first place in the Central Division with 112 points and first place in the first round of the exclusion matches in Colorado .
Avalanche closed the 2015 - 2016 season with a result of 39 - 39 - 4 and remained five points behind the Wild team , without a second special invitation from the Western Conference .
Roy , who won four Stenley Cups in his career , won two with Montreal Canadiens and two with Avalanche .
North Sea oil platform workers resume talks and postpone strike
Workers ' strikes on wages of North Sea oil platforms have been postponed , with talks resumed by both sides of the dispute , the negotiators said .
The Wood Group is on strike periodically on North Sea oil platforms operating by Royal Dutch Shell .
The joint statement states that the Wood Group and Unite and RMT trade unions agreed to resume negotiations on the resolution of the dispute .
Over the coming weeks , a series of full - day meetings are scheduled to start early next week with a view to revisiting the issues at stake .
The trade unions said that their recent events , organised after a 25-year break , were targeting the planned 30 percent wage cut .
Due to negative market pressures , the Wood Group this year cut salaries for North Sea workers by 9 percent .
Already in 2014 , the company reduced its land workers ' wages by 10 percent .
The company explains that additional wage cuts would allow the company to face a downturn in the market .
Shell , on the other hand , has already cut wages for several thousand people and announced plans to cut off oil and natural gas in 10 countries in order to optimise its work in the run - up to a large - scale merger with the British energy company BG Group .
Energy companies are under pressure due to falling oil prices , and the UK 's decision to leave the European Union is further complicated .
At the start of the week , Scottish MEP Dav Andersson met workers ' representatives to discuss one of the most important issues - the North Sea strike plans .
He said that the North Sea is vital for the region 's economy .
In his report , he explains that the North Sea and the country as a whole need an economy that benefits all and not individuals .
In 2016 , new North Sea projects are expected to invest almost USD 1.4 billion , compared to USD 7 billion invested over the last five years .
Cupler size of the stars in the Pleyade Star .
The latest Capler Telescope Mission has helped astronomers compile the most complete catalogue of the speed of the cutting of the stars in the Pleyade Star .
The new data helps astronomers to understand why the stars are turning at different speeds in this star , as well as how the speed of the cutting of the stars relates to the formation of the planet .
" We hope that we will get more information on the relationship between the mass , age and even the history of the solar system than we do with other stars , " said Pasaden Calech Infrasarkano , and Luisa Rebula , Scientist of the Analytical Centre .
A pleased star is 445 years away from the Earth .
Many stars in this star are only starting to grow , reaching the age of around 125 million .
They are turning to the maximum speed .
By curbing the maximum speed , these growing stars are distributing a large number of star winds .
When the winds end up in the magnetic field , they brake the stars .
As the stars age , their turn is slowing .
Cupler is measured at the speed of each cut of the star , setting the time between the appearance of recognisable stars such as sunflow .
The latest catalogue of the turning speed of the stars shows that the bigger stars turn more slowly than the smaller stars .
Rebul compares stars with dancing dancers , dancers make pyreots more slowly than dancers of small height .
Rebul says that the Pleyade Ballet shows that slow rotating installations are larger and massive , while faster rotating installations are very small stars .
Thanks to the fact that the Plejade star is so close , it serves as an excellent space laboratory where it can compare the characteristics of the stars with the turning speeds .
Rebull says the Pleade star helps develop theoretical models for the rotation of stars in both directions , both for older and younger stars .
We still have a lot to learn how , when and why the speed of the cutting of the stars and the full stop process are slowing down .
Rebul and his colleagues gave a detailed presentation of an analysis of the speed of the cut of the Pleyade star in the three new publications that will soon be published in the Astronomy Journal .
