New and new technology has been introduced to society .
One possible outcome is that an environmentally-induced reduction in motorization levels in richer countries will outweigh any rise in motorization levels in poorer countries .
Every person needs to know a bit about math , sciences , arts , literature and history in order to stand out in society .
While the travel company will most likely show them some interesting sites in order for their customers to advertise for their company to their family and friends , it is highly unlikely that the company will tell about the sites that were not included in the tour -- for example due to entrance fees that would make the total package price overly expensive .
The disadvantage is that parking their car is very difficult .
Bigger farming is used for more chemical products and substances to feed fish .
For example , my cousin is 12 years old .
If it does , you will only get some misundrestood ideas about that acticle but not the original one .
Secondly , chimp can also present the capability for grammar , which means it can demonstrate the ability to combine words and be able to use grammatical constructions .
Nevertheless , this city has a big change .
I think learning facts is only evidence if the students can work hard and if they are able to keep every detailled information as tought , but it 's definitly not an evidence for their intelligence .
Unfortunately , almost older people can not use the internet , in spite of the benefit of the Internet .
So , if I have a lot of information about this subject , I will taulk too much with knowledge , but if I have general information for this subject , I will talk about this subject , with my limited knowledge , and this case may be shameful , like when my brother asked me about some thing , but I have not a lot of information about this thing .
because if I see someone doing something that may save me time and engy and it wok 's I will do it .
The government should think about the whole nature .
They will not be able to compete with other similar brands and the product will fizzle out or die .
People are now opening their eyes to the scenario when we run out of fuel .
For me it was great because I need to talk on the phone locally and nationally for long periods of time .
They only care if the effects are good and popular among the crowds .
That is why calculated risks , as one could call them , are the predecessors of big success , because they get people 's attention by giving people new options .
He said in other words that the more flouride may create damage in the human body , specifically the bone .
When these people create their new ideas , others often look very strange to them .
You will learn to socialize with people .
No other transportation concepts have been as successful as the car , not only because the goog street and highway system throughout the United States and Europe , but only because of the fact that people love their cars .
If they prefer to choose cars than motor bikes , that means there will be many cars .
That 's why he is a legend these days and people respect him .
For example , in math club , teachers usually teach us how to solve a math problem using varying ways .
In order hand , when I was a freshman in my college , I could concentrate on my favourite subjects .
I have an IBM computer and my laptop is DELL .
The air in China is not so clean because of cars .
When the price of gas goes up , the consumer do not want buy gas for fuels .
Although , learning more subjects gives us a huge knowledge which makes me successful in my studies .
When you are making a tour guide trip , you already have everything settled from the time you<unk>re departing to the time you arrive .
On the other hand , although in Turkey , the public transportation is getting developed , especially in the two big cities , that is , Ankara and istanbul , it is still nothing compared to Sweden .
This rebuffs the reading passage 's claim that there has been no improvement .
As they are involved with study , they do not have enough time to look after their community .
However , I strongly maintained that traveling on their own gives a lot of advantages .
They even ask themselves how these kind of things did n't cross their minds .
People tend to choose other media , and that is why literature is in danger .
I cast doubt that twenty years is too short of time to prove the problem .
So , for these reasons , I really believe that it 's important to have broad knowledge on different subjects . Instead of being focused on just one , because sometimes the answer that we are searching for , we can easily find it in a field that can seem not related to our purpose .
I am pleased to know intelligent people and learn about things which I do n't know .
To resolve this problem , the governments of the cities are likely to improve the public transportation system by building a new subway system and adding more lines for buses .
I know lots of old people who go to parties , always stay in contact with other people .
But these things seem to be hard for old people , they move so hardly , and do n't have a healthy body to play these things like sports .
For example , if you understand the idea that all diseases caused by microorganisms , are treated with antibiotics , you will never use antidepressants .
I like about that , but after that it 's gradually starting boring and finally I did n't have an interest in all the stuff .
In her salary we cant buy some car because we are planing to finish our house in Binangonan , Rizal and we are planning to finish my study in Boston .
so information technology and advanced technology are so much increased .
Even more relevant to the seduction from an advertisement is the fact that quite frequently those images from perfection placed in front of our eyes are just mirages and illusions , bodies touched up by computer programs and , therefore , they do not resemble reality at all .
As the professor claimed the details and examples to strengthen the position of reading passage , which I , in the following pargarghs , would like to provide the evidence to present the whole views .
In the advertisement that he shows in the media , newspapers , magazines , and public spaces , he clearly says that the product is made with products of high quality in technology .
We have a lot of paper to write .
A person with a broad knowledge will help him to renovate it .
The development of biomechanics has made this possible .
This inadequate amount of fuel forces us to use less cars .
One of these important elements is the Internet .
You can only be successful by learning new stuff and trying it too , by being an open and creative mind .
Firstly , the striped bass consumes large quantitiy of menhaden . Second , this fish is also a source of protein for farm animals , and the fishing industry gives work some people in Virginia .
They were settling settlements in other domain .
The time line about this danger , which I have already given in the above discussion is so predictable that one can have even calculations about it if he/she has both the population and existing fuel count .
I think people should travel by making decisions by themselves for several reasons .
Indeed , they threaten a lot of freshwater fish species because they need to eat and to find different kinds of food in the oceans .
For example , if the city says that 8 ~ ~9 is the busiest time , then the worker would argue that they drive a bit later
Educators should provide opportunities for them to learn enough knowledge to survive the real world .
For example , when I am studying for tests or doing my homework , my grandparents can go out and do what they enjoy .
traditional enclopedias are written by trained experts for academic rigor that can not really achieve .
By the time up , everyone should be gathered in a certain place .
Else twenty years down the lane every major city would end up being a pile of metal junkyard , with no place to move around .
And what are those risks ?
In contrast , the speaker casts doubt the conclusion .
In this movie father was handicapped .
For example , in this genaration , people watch movies and listen to music more than read books and novels .
In the meantime , there are a lot of cars .
So they are free to do all sorts of things , even if thez are cinsidered as dangerous or irrisponsble , such as bungee-jumping .
I think most people will like that in a busy world , but I do n't think it will happen in the next twenty years .
Every one would expect to leave his own secrets and dreams like to be a painter , a writter ...
I ANSWERED THE QUESTION AND I GOT GOOD IMPRESSION FROM BOTH LECTURER AND FRIENDS .
However , according to the listening passage , it seems fair for people to increase the tax price because they will be able to save money for other taxes they pay .
Home work will help you to manage your time if not you might be using those times in some other purposes .
I mean our homecontry because we can speak Japanese and can use Japanese .
New kinds of vehicles will be invented with new technology than today .
This would have definitely required him to take out a immense amount of time from his work and he stands as a perfect example with whom the youngsters of today relate .
They follow the way the Sun goes from the east to the west .
It 's time to take a rest , looking back at your present .
I thought it was kind of ridiculous , but we had to do as tour guide said .
So , if Japan has such common sense for a long time , even after twenty years for sure , people will aim to own a car and still ride a car to show people that they are `` rich '' .
An example that would make this category is an architect .
The incoming generation will not ride a two - wheeler .
And also the markting can do some adjust about the change .
This is supported by the national and internation policy which is presenting attractively the advantages of going abroad , make self-experiences in other countries and cultures , learning foreign-languages while staying in a country where this language is spoken , and so on .
Even if we fail , we have to try to get new things .
He explained that the methane which was derived was a non biological process .
I put into this group of people who have arrived at that success with their own work . I mean people who work very hard and try to develop new kinds of work ; of technology or someone who tries to do his work in another way to arrive the goal that they want easily .
Confidence comes naturally since perfection is its long .
Reasons are to pay for them and teach more than other institutions .
I totally agree that the youth today are not sparing sufficient time helping their communities .
Nowadays , society is changing drasticly .
and through text books , students are more engaged .
On the other hand , a chef that tries new tastes will be recognized and he or she will gain a place in the cooking world .
Also , I think we will thank these animals for everything that they have done for us no matter what .
When I grew up , I started to understand what he said was quite right .
The other one is a gambler which means that people always try new things and take risks .
Last month , I needed to buy a digtal-camera .
In the world oil prices are very high right now .
The cause of the Tunguska explosion is asteroid .
After we know and learn the facts , it will be easier for us to understand ideas and concepts .
They did not get the ideas or any concepts about what they learned .
And at the end , if you take a risk and you succeed in that , you will surely become a successful person with all the merits , and maybe also the awards , you are merit .
In my essay I want to focus on how important it is for students to learn facts .
I naturally get to know that I do n't really want to know .
Let 's tell you your interest lies in paintings .
However , what makes a student excellent is to both understand the concept and learn the facts .
lrenikg students the ideas have many advantages :
Do I want to risk my 2 years of savings for a trip to Spain or do I want to use my kids college fund to start up my business ?
So even the government is expecting the increase in the use of four wheelers .
and you can have a chance to make your person to help you .
He or she would not be able to discuss specific problems just because he does not know them .
For example , when I went to Bangkok , Thailand a few years ago , I experienced a stranger downtown .
I have specific reasons for this .
Actually it might not be true .
We still have to burn down a forest to make land for farming and the result is bird will lose more of their habitat .
By the same token , people will learn many different intellages by doing so many things but they just learn it 's appeals not get any crutial information and wisdom form it .
On the other hand , if you specialize in one specific subject such as physics , you will never help him .
This is how we can hit the job market very early and proof that we are capable of doing a job in a better manner .
To judge a person 's contribution in terms of time would be specious .
New experiences to some challenbory are the same as the challenger and challenger is a movement ,ason to some people who continue living .
Our social world is a lovely social , If the drama can cometure I think we must learn more knowledge .
For example , when you read your school 's book for the first time you will not understand anything but when you read it second time you understand it .
This is the government rule that they have compulsory attand this seminar .
They might put it on the label , but they wo n't say it on tv advertising .
For example , many scientists and engineers study about cars that make no longer sound , and smoke .
Without the empirical experience , I think the learner tends to forget all the information he or she has learned throughout his or her learning process in a long term .
First , disking can be an alternative to prescribed burning .
By just knowing the culture of a different country that we are living in and not born on , we wo n't be able to live .
somebody who has no give and just take can not live within communities .
Court coats are very high and many numbers of desputed tickets are seen .
And what is more effective than loads of people working towards the same aim ?
If we have this quality then no one can beat us .
You have 30 typically an effective response will contain a minimum you will be satisfied with culture experience and fit your test .
But I only use this software to win a lot of prize , some of them have important influence in my country .
If the sharp can not catch your mind , how can they sell the products to customers ?
The cutting of the dead trees is called salvage logging .
That 's why centralized , attributes , and the business owner reduce their business is not respond to the rise of factories .
second birds navigate by landmarks like river , coastlines , and mountains .
A tour guide is generally a person who knows a great deal about the country , its most beautiful places , most visited ones , and the so on .
They have to contact variety fields to find out what their interests are .
Unfortunately , in most countries , the function of public transport is not perfectly organised .
If you think of the consumtions of them , fishes have less fat and a lot of nutrients there .
The public transpotation in the city may not be able to cope with this huge amount of people flow .
Second , we learn many academic subjects , and after that we learn specialize in one specific subject .
This does n't mean that because you take risks you are going to succeed .
One of the most important problem is accidents for sure every day millions of people die because of the drivers not being careful as a matter . I do believe that there will be less cars in twenty years , but this will happen just for one reasen that we will use something else .
The internet offers a good opportunity for people to travel for work , for a student , for work .
Can you ever visualize what chaos our society would suffer if every individual considers himself/ herself an expert in every given field ?
In this sense , I would introduce the concepts of two aspects with datailed analysis , and then it will come to the conclusion .
In my case , my younger brother needs more than academic knowledge .
Due to this , I feel that specialized students have more opportunities in future .
Moreover , before the oil and gas gone , scientists will make new cars that go by electricity or by sun light .
However , I firmly believe that students have to learn broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I learned many kind of subject , also I could make different types of friends .
On top of that , even if we are willing to spend the time drafting the travel plan , we have no idea on which travel sites are must-see .
They need to have a global vision before deciding what the like , and the way of obtaining it is simply studying a broad syllabus .
In order to understand these , and more importantly , to link these together , that wisdom will duly serve him .
We can use it .
Some people can meet with people we have no idea about .
When my grandmother got old , she could not move her body easily .
As a tour guide , the person has to be familiar with the place he or she is touring .
Three other customers have not started using the product because they do n't have anything to hang it with .
And in the place where there is no train , we can not help but use cars .
you have to teach your child since he or she was ants they growing up .
If students have to study for history , for example , it is often enough to just learn the facts , but on the other hand , studying for physics or maths needs the understanding of the concepts .
For example , the subway in New York , bullet trains in Japan , underground tube trains in Singapore and the sky trains in Bangkok travel at lightening speed .
First , young people have an active mind .
Obviously the unreplaciable examination and less enemy can bring huge advance to fulfill the defination of success .
Young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
The commercial was definitely more impressive than the product itself .
And one of them was my friend who had serious problems with her health .
To this day , I still remember what we studied that day in class .
I have a good life in my cauntry but everything I got from my patents .
But if the student is going only to learn things without knowing the concept , then not any company is give apportunity to that person , because he does not know the concept of its related branch , so by this way , it will create a problem in the future .
Third , the stone tower of the east coast is making an unnatural way also this tower is unusual in Europe so non Europian might be made this tower .
Secondly , it is an unfair action because it will affect the low-income American .
The factories are increasing sulfur dioxide into the air every year .
It<unk>s result in people being more mature , strong and calm in front problems of their life , because they understand the problems go away and it depends what kind manner everybory looks the face of the problem .
For example , work on a project .
this speech must change gerden .
However , there are people that think that when people have a forty - year - old person ,
It is worthy of note that not every body will succeed when taking a risk , but that is not enough to deteir anybody who wishes to take one .
apparently , I got a Japanese friend in the Japan , his name is Tomo .
When they do some work , they think they have to work well in time .
As the gasoline tax rising , it will help the vehicle company to make more cars to sell it to people .
Ignorance of striped bass will abbreviate our earning and it also has some astonishing effects on our health .
Maybe they have some disadvantages to humanity .
In the lecture , that zebra mussel is not really a serious threat have been proven .
I think I will lose .
I expect humans will be able to make new material to replace gas but it is very difficult .
Ideas and motives for the war are more important to know because one of them might draw some conclusions and it might change something inside the student .
Everything is possible which we can imagine .
Although there are some rules to protect young people , such as limiting aging in movies and previewing about the bad aspects of programs before , it is just made for little kids not young people like high school or university students .
However , the fact that most of the time do not reflect the actual quality of a product decreases the reliability of the advertisements .
We seem to have a lot of problems with those even if we have more good materials than in the past .
We can be fatalist and say that with the development of the third world , the problem will worsen .
These things can make us more successful in life ; even though we are that successful we must continue are work , we should take our chances to greater heights .
For the greeks philosopher Plato an Aristotle , the capacity for understanding ideas and concepts , the intelligence as the main ability of the human soul , is the part of ourselves that makes us the being we actually are .
In conclusion , understanding the concepts is the more important than learning the facts , because it 's the ultimate goal of learning the facts .
I basically feel that young people do enjoy their life more than older people do .
First , the ships not only helped them to spread but they also killed by ships .
they might be bored with reading a complex passage .
But is it possible to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects without being specialized in one particular topic ?
So she decides to work in a Nursing Home because she wants to provide care for elderly people .
This demonstrates the undeniable fact that it is bebeficial to have different experiences .
Therefore , they will be a deeper thinking person and good for their future , so the teacher should be required to take courses every five years .
In my case , I work more than 200 hours a month , in order to get money required to pay back to a bank ( I borrowed some money for buying my house . ) .
because , students must do their homework .
It will make a good partner .
As a result , she could get a job that she wanted badly but she did n't expect because many people were flock to this company .
Maybe for ecologistics in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today not for the citizens that everyday must go to the office .
At this stage , youth require experience of older people to fight these depression .
In fact this device was different from its competitor products .
Also we do not have to care about other people . It means there is the privacy of us and we can talk loudly or might be able to sing .
But I find that the quality of the bat was very bad .
Some people only run to work or use the undertair , but if you have your cai you can use your car to go to work here .
government rising taxes on gasoline .
The professor also says that soy bean should be used as fod for the fish .
He was successful already in his fields of living electric equipment , but his began to get new dominant in electronics technology and was successful .
A good company hires goods buzzers , these buzzers do not lie to consumers , that they use their words to let consumers know the goods are real , they do not praise the goods .
Travelling in a group , especially with a tour guide , helps us to make our trip more productive .
On the other hand , the reading passage states that using chemicals is clearly not such a good idea because it can develop parasitic infections in the human body .
When they went down to the forest they produced fire .
So both the lecture and the reading think that other arcaeologist monuments in the area from Kingdom period .
If I have one sujest .
To be sure , we Japanese take part in the destroying environment because we consume most wood .
So I asked my student , how he thought about my lesson , and tried to find out where the problem was .
That means if I have broad knowledge in politics then I 'm aware that it 'swhere to speak what ' .
He also tells fact concepts to the students .
That was a very beautiful dream in my mind at that time .
After majoring in any field of studies , a student can not adjust immediately to the practical world .
By contrast , the lecture claims that quality of discussion is the most important instead of the numbers of discussion .
The concept of a subject gives us the background of the main streams of a subject we are going to learn and study .
I will outline the paragraphs below my arguments in favor of this statement .
This example proves that knowing the fact is less important compared to knowing the concepts related to it .
Einstien 's seminal theory of relativity has proved by facts .
While I was there , someone tried to steal my bag and passport .
Second , the rouds can not be damged because raising the tax there will be much less cars .
Second , the scroll lists are huge gold , like 35 kilograms , so the price will be bigger and different .
I do n't have a car , but I dream it off .
Because the rest of the period the way they work could be different .
This will definitely cause some problems .
Nowadays , each of the family members owns a car .
When you are able to understand ideas and concepts and with this , are able to understand the structures of thinking this can help you a lot .
In America , a lot of families have more than one car , and furthermore , some of them have three or four .
Thus , I see more people opting for their own car in the near future .
So people who do not give enough time to helping their communities should be repaired .
Otherwise , he/she may feel inadequate one day if he/she furthers his/her study .
Most of us will understand better when the ideas and the concepts of the war are shown and we can get vey excited about it .
So what should I do ?
I could not give much time to any of the sports , so that I could be a great sportman .
For example ; smoking , I know that smoking is bad .
This degree would enable me to branch out and look into other fields that involve some basic engineering .
When someone did legal behavior , he had to justified by law .
Therefore , I am going to tell you about this question through my experiences .
Lastly , for the economic reason , it is not beneficial because the cost of the equipment available staff required to control fires is very expensive .
Then there was a chance to shift him into other parts of cricket .
First of all , He argued that Amrican will not ignorate the `` ecocertified '' as there are so many advertisments now .
The reasons and examples will below this essay to support my opinion .
But actually Secondly , it needs to be experienced .
A student who chooses to study at university has to become well acquainted with different methods of expanding current ideas and concepts .
Therefore the French revolution happened in the middle age in Eruope because of that reason . ''
It is therefore important for the respective governments and international bodies to try and reduce the negative consequences of this trend .
It mentions the cane toad which threatens many local species in Australia .
This will help to create brotherhood realtionship .
By trial and error I succeeded in giving me a very good feeling about myself .
As we know , fish is taken as a meal . It is harmful for human beings to farming .
Although understanding the concepts is important , sometimes facts are the only solution for them to learn .
And the president of compeny lake Toyota or Ford , they were successful because they know how to start their compeny and make a smart thing .
Instead , they would help with the house or farming .
but the lecturer shows a different angle of the system ...
People will buy more cars and take advantage of this mode of transportation in the days ahead .
And we can save a lot of time . Second , the tour guide will be interduce the spot of enqui culture , then we can enjoy the deedly trip , not only go over there to stay a few times .
Understanding how they work would give students a better lesson .
Second , Menzied points that Chinese ships in the 1400s used very distinctive anchors that were round stones with a hole in the middle .
Young people can work easily and can search for any information in a few minutes .
It can certainly be the case .
In a group trip , we are forced to the group time schedules .
Probably , by using my own car , this would have been much more difficult and stressful , if not impossible .
Help others and make us all live in a comfortable home .
there may be global warming because of lack of cooling .
So , their parents will buy them .
They are busy with themselves , they do n't spend time helping the society that they live in .
And it seems like that notion will be even strengthened by the emergence of new Chinese producers .
I can remember that in thelecture Iattended .
Ther third reason , is that it gives us the chance to make our brain work and think about how this happien is .
television makers just hung academic titles on their program .
Even altough everything when there is a life there is hope .
They have an espessial diet .
This is clearly seen in the way many young people organize the collection of funds or books to help others receive a proper education , and , also in the way , many students go to schools for the blind to read out books to them and help them out .
They think what celebrities say in the advertisement is true .
As a result , young people feel there is a lesser sense of competition for a place in universities .
However , Billgate developed people 's lives more comfortable than previous circumstances .
Also , students , by paying more attention to understanding ideas and concepts , will not only comprehend the facts they are given , but also acquire the skill of understanding , which can be applied in all areas surrounding them .
If a person just knew the facts , he would never have thought about the possibilities .
Though , in fact , old people can enjoy some light sports entertainments . I think that not interesting than hard sports or something .
They do not want to regret their lives on earth .
It is better to have a very good understanding knowledge of many academic because it makes you broad and gives you chances and opportunity to work in different fields and environment .
For instance , YANG Zhenning , who is a famous scientist with great achievements and fame , has a high proficiency in literature while specifying the scientific research in physics .
It is said that the zebra mussel from the bottom of the ship moved to the freshwather and devastate nature .
This implies that there can be instances were no such overstating take place at all .
In my opinion , there are some reasons why it is true .
And available jobs to the candidates having specific knowledge is less compared to the all round performers ,
Because when you understand the whole idea you can imagine how the theory works .
It is not worth jumping in a pool without knowing how to swim since you may not be able to breath again .
A person who takes many subjects stands az better chance of getting a job .
So to solve that kind of problem they will have to use their understanding .
Another thing is that adverts always show and indicate prices on commdities alowing consumers to budget well in order to be able to buy them .
However successful people who achieved great accomplishment do not escape or give up easily in front of the even impossible things regarded among people .
In other words , cars will not be of use in the future because of these types of transportation being developed and invented .
They come together for a 'LAN-party ' with the neighbour 's kids .
Also the lecture mentioned that the stone placed between the Sphinx 's front paws was not placed there during the time of the old kingdom 's king , Khafre .
but some young people do not help their community .
I give some of my time to help other people because I think it 's very important .
For example , here is one student . Who knows the fact but does not know how to ~ ~ ~
They can travel more freely than older people do .
The first reason is that Groval warming did not connect with Anasazi disappearing .
Simply put , we need to eat and buy clothes , make and raise family .
This happens more when one is watching a movie with the family .
Among the many skills required is the knowledge of more than two languages .
However , it is so rare to find old people in pubs or in gymnasiums in China .
Personally , I doubt that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today , based on my observations of falling vehicle prices , increasing population and stagnating rate of technological advances in the field of terrestrial transportation .
Finally , zebra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they become dominant .
I agree with that concept to take the risk and go for the new field .
The size of the treasure written is too large .
So it is very strange that why people were able to live without enough water for 50 years , and then they moved because they did n't have enough water .
If they are really interested in these courses , it 's all right .
Therefore it is possible to believe that an explosion of Tunguska was an explosion of asteroid .
In the passage , it is said that only other animals can maintain their temperature in such cold climates .
Thinking of their old age , young people try to make a better society for everybody .
If someone does n't know that eating is very important for growth bons and brian or general for body , it is fact but idease eating is just useful .
Advertising can be used badly not only by corporations but also by governments , as for example the nazi regime .
He 's the one who can give the different specialities the possibility to shine .
But generally , moments of happiness in life can not really be compared because they are different .
Such people impressed other people through their strong well and divoution to duty .
Besides , smoke emitting from cars and the noise coming the car engines damage the environment and the health of people .
The main reasons are the following :
It has come to be one of the effective measures measures that manufatures are used in selling their products .
However , when I went to Canada by myself , I did many things that I wanted , so it was very exciting .
It is not an easy task for old people to see young people sort of spending their time on useless things , in their opinion .
Sometimes their teachers only teach about the facts , which are easier to memorize .
For example , if you visit the ruins in Rome , without a tour guide , you do n't realize the importance and the history behind these ruins .
So that they have to pay more attention to their health rather than to enjoy the arts .
Why do we like this ?
However , she was wrong .
To work hard means running the company .
If your answer is yes , that is good .
For example , if the old person does not hear properly then young ones right from the day of their cihildhood think of inventing something that can help the older people hear more properly .
Right from the age of 5-6 years , the children are busy with their curriculum .
However , I firmly believe that traveling with a guider is quite beneficial because of it 's posibillity to travel to many places in a short time and safety .
I have studied for just examination wayse studying .
We will feel confused and we wo n't see matters clearly .
Thus , I think when we understand ideas and concepts will leave the main effects and influence because it combines with our opinions and beleives .
Is it merely understanding the idea behind that concept ?
Making exercitation students can learn how to proceed in a correct way and making wrong operation they will be able to understand the concepts and don-t make the same errors or mistakes in the future .
Adult content to send their children to school to contact these different kinds of classes .
what is the world and what are we supposed to do here ?
Thisriedo not enough to evaluate the student .
Secondly , the Earth ground had heat .
Therefore they can not get information about their needs rather than now . We can find out what we want and get a lot of information about our interests .
That is not what merit-based payment is really about .
Anglo versions of Christianity became popular in northern Europe and still now many people are believing in its doctrines .
Before selecting a product , everybody should read carefully all the information available about it .
The disability of doing the things that desired makes olders unhappy .
The speaker argues that it has resulted from the difficulties of today 's literature .
However , I want to go to the U.S.A that I can study and life in my dream 's country . I want to have my family that I have never experienced .
I do not know American teachers so but some Japanese teacher speak just facts in class hours .
Because of this , I prefer studying concepts and ideas more than learning facts .
A product needs to have an advertisement so it gets to know around a place and it gets its population so everyone will like a piece of it .
Most scientists say these bass plays a much more significant role in the decrease of the menhaden population .
When someone has more than one academic subject it would be more amazing , interesting , positive , great , and helpful .
Therefore , I think there will be more cars than today .
because we are watching movies to earn something .
but now everything is changing , life becomes more difficult .
They should understand what the ideas and concepts they study mean in practice , how they can be used and have already been used .
Some products they sell it expensive because it was branded ; some are cheaper because it was not a branded product , but if you 'll see the quality , it 's almost the same as the expensive one .
It is therefore necessary to understand the idea behind it and come up with a well-organized concept .
He knows how to draw a line of diffrence between gambling and taking risks .
So , we must cooperate well with others , after we solve today 's problem .
It may tell us how large the world is .
So a prohibition would n't solve real problems .
Though the preferrences might be different for a young person and for an older person to fully enjoy their life .
In the younger generation one can find more joy externally by chasing their dreams and in elderly people it can be internal .
It has some problems that can affect humans .
Sure , both arguments will probably decrease the number of cars , but the strongest argument speaks for itself : China .
It mentions that now , it has reached some oarts of North America .
And I expect , if we lose quality of cars , we will protect our lives , our environment , and we will not depend on resourse gas ,
I claim that they are not yet able to feel the same feeling of satisfaction that an old man , seing his grandchilds playing , does have .
Hence , I did not have to wake up too early this morning , I took the underground , and the train , then the underground in Rome .
Edison , who invented a bulb , is an obvious example .
Many people think that treasure never existed , but in reality it exists .
Maybe I can not enjoy the real meaning and I am tired .
This does not imply that either person is not enjoying life , or enjoying it to a different degree .
Even if they use buses , which are big cars , the fact is , people taking buses still reduce the number of the cars .
Our group decided to open a Waseda Cafe .
Nowadays , so many people study the way that makes advertisemets increase the sells , that is why our behaviour is influenced by what we listen to or what we see on the television .
However , I also feel good about this because this shows the huge leap we could make in twenty years , not just small steps .
She also uses this to challenge the reading passage .
In this way , a person always feels to be original and `` modern '' , not `` ancient '' like people that surroand him or her .
I need to understand what are carbohydrates , proteins , vitamins and minerals and how they are unfolded in our body to produce ATP .
and none of tourist will come and yellowstone will not be popular and of course , local businesses that depend on park visitors suffered as a result .
When we go to their home , they look hapiness .
But if all you want is to stay at home and live on your own , perhaps it is not that important for you .
Our country has been criticizing one way of teaching .
It is also possible that travelers could be re-schedule the plan and the destinations .
It is not much less frequent , though , and it still fulfills the needs that we have for it today .
As a conclusion , you are not attracted to totally by the product , but by the lifestile that this product will give to you .
Though I am from Fukuoka , now I live in Yokohama in order to go to Yokohama City University .
In the twenty years , they also can give us better cars to use less resources-consumed transportation tools and give us the much more convenience tools for our travelling .
It is necessary a breakthrough event or product to succeed .
A lot of people use bicycles to go everywhere .
Second , old houses can stands in the way of the development of communicates .
what we have to care about is that oil is not used only for cars but also other materials .
because this new product is floop in a market .
Fresh water will be carried by the ship of that travels from Europe to the east coast of North America , and therefore the mussel will be spread to the whole of Europe .
I do not agree that initative people will take risks more than those who do not .
Graham bell worked a lot and took risks in inventing this Telephone apart from is electrical knowledge .
For example , during traffic jams , the transit ca n't accommodate such large numbers of people , how will the clerks ?
He or she can help me with languages , introducing specific beautiful places , what the special food in that country is , and how about that country 's culture .
and new gerrthion berfer on using the transport . Why know thay think in modern years fewer car use ?
Travelling by yourself is very good for your future .
But if I was trying to do all the sightseeing without a tour guide , it would be very difficult and dangerous .
When we talk about the so-called value of a product , we envision a scenario where dozens of products are available in supermarket shelves and when you switch on a television , there is an endless stream of commercials , each claiming exciting new features about the products advertised .
In addition , it uses the North Satr to migrate directly to the north .
Sometimes , even a personality , like a famous actor , becomes this truthworthy voice .
For example , the hamburgers in the commercials and menus look way more juicy , neat , and fresh than the ones you buy .
Nowadays all the up coming of the gratdutes are just muging the subject mostly 70 % of subjectjust learl .
For me there are few very friends or classmates that would be better for a friend .
all the facts are mere deceptions .
We still don<unk>t know that aliens have to be or not to be in our solar system .
If I travel in a group by a tour guide , I will have limited time .
Attendence does not mean that teenegers are fully participating in class .
Trust me , God will wish the young people .
In studing the processes underlying biochemical pathways knowledge of biochemistry is required , which is an integration of biology and chemistry .
Thanks to new and `` out of the box '' way of thinking it is what made our civilizations what it 's now .
when I talked to the company , they should not have known
In this moment , business has become online-business .
Traveling is very important to the people who know about the world and in group ti might as well .
it contributes to the air pollution and the temperature arising .
For instance , the birds do not usually try to remember the subjects that they have passed by , such as a stone , a building , or even a small house .
That 's true !
For example , you had to employ a supervisor to manage the factory , and the operatating bill is much higher than the transportation costs .
Because it has been creative and innovative .
So it means there is no certain way about how migratintg birds find their way to their home .
Their life is a renovation of studying and learning .
However , the problem is that if we use prescribed burning as a tool , it requires a lot of money - 10 times more than normal .
But there are several reasons that drawn me into this conclusion .
they usually forget where the book set .
Who can say no to the business that can make your life more safe ?
For example , I prefer to specialize in public relations which help me in my personal life , how to treat with author people .
Now let me tell you about the daily activities of my father and compare them with mine .
Although the professor in the listening passage explains that the solution is acceptable , not only the striped bass population is vital for the menhaden , but also the entire ecological system based on it .
the fact is that it would rain when the specific condition is prepared .
That is not true also .
The first is how to release drugs as fast as possible . In order to sell them faster and to make more money faster , but government requeres a certein amount of the testing to be done before the drug is reliased , so it reduses the date of drug release .
Maybe one day there will be a tool that will take us anywhere we want only in a few seconds .
There seem to be too many hurdles present in the growth of the car industry in recent times .
So it depends on the different body nature .
It 's a slow process but after the process they can use Yerkish signs and start to understand what people , trainers , researchers are saying .
If we plant some species which are very strict to live in , compared to other plants .
Because it rains more , and the plants grow well , so the Puebo can make full use of it .
Additionally , popular movies stars or famous people in the advertisements attract people .
The first is our life condition .
For example , if successful people do n't try new things , how people can do airplanes , cars , computers , etc .
Let us think of music as a metaphor for all the areas of knowledge , and the different instruments as metaphors for all the seperate disciplines .
The more I study , the more I am satisfied .
Billions of people use it every day .
I went to the Wegman to buy the watch because I thought it would be nice to have one .
Major improvements should be made in public transportation to get people to give up their vehicles .
Firstly , it is hard for young people to find time to help their community .
Many people have many reasons , like to see abroad or to have different experiences , but their purposes have something in common .
We always joke around or do something stupid .
So , cars have a positive impact on the economy and I do n't think that the government will try to put restrictions on this .
Gone are those days when only rich could have afforded it .
Even if we do not have one ourselves , other people utilize them to make our lives easier - be it a transporter bringing food to the supermarket or the car that brings us to the hospital in case of a severe accident .
People like these often get bored listening to the tour guides lectures that sometimes resemble a monologue learned by heart for a class .
This does n't destroy our culture , because our culture has changed .
Our current status of living is highly energy intensive .
So my opinion is , if a friend is staying in the world and then a friend can help with everything .
Lsat but no least , zenra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they become dominant .
Scientists are worried that someday these fossil fuels can be finished and no more .
So , it is important for a student
I had been struggling with the way of completing hard assignments , studying , improving a grade , and learning strategies .
Because in the competition men want everything better than their competitors .
The undersatnd ideas and the concepts help students learn information about the many subjects and accept good education form information they have .
Therefore , we think ourselvese that mind care of society is in front of it .
The basic requirements of today 's man have changed .
One can have a lot of fun or enjoyment on the trip ; if you are guided by the person who knows the area .
But the only reason is that they never give up .
The only possible answer I can come up with is that success is understood to be the ability to invent new ideas , to put into practice novel theories or strategies .
Everyone has fears and feels scared of taking a new challenge .
The population explosion is another factor catalysing the consumption of energy resources .
Why should I do that ?
It can certainly help us to improve on another stage .
but after a while the found out it 's not true .
Although people have a great brain capacity to gain and learn knowledge , it is easy to gain general knowledge about everything .
but what about the stress that they have to undergo , the stress related not only for their position in life but fight that they undergo for their ambition .
In the case of vehicles like motor cycles , the number of people is limited to 2 and similarly there are limits to the number of people that can be accommodated in the vehicle .
And the risk is one of these opportunities .
As I see it , there will be a lot of research done in the future to find such alternitive energies , which will also be environmental-friendly , as well as cheaper .
Speed camera can be placed in many locations along a highway .
Therefore , I can enjoy the trip more without it .
He is a specialist in computer program but he does not know about other fields .
But the experience of painting gives me many new abilities to film .
because I have broad knowledge .
people try to drink it .
If everyone in the city uses their own cars , the city will be seriously polluted by smoke .
Dont afraid to do something new !
It is rather than giving them strong medicins to them .
Fourtunately their topic became more clear by using this much amount of the concepts provided by the books .
A person can not be successful if they act the same as regular people .
They will have a tremendous problem trying to keep their cars at a safe place .
Secondly , they have the confidence that a new way will be another way to improve a mechanis .
They have limited way of meaning and function like a word .
also save time and make you satify this journal .
Moreover , the decision of others could be wrong .
To do so , companies must present their products in a better light than they really are as otherwise , the company 's future including that one of the employees might be at risk .
They are the boney and vital part of society .
Youngsters , being healthy , have fewer things to worry about .
She believes people can increase their cultural sense by good pieces of music or precious movies too .
The most important thing that you can do , is not tell him like a baby .
To find new concepts and use them in their future job .
I think that the biggest reason is the devised environment compared with the past .
If older people are more acceptable to changes , their lives will become better .
There are very distent for ancestor to move treasure from Egypt to the Dead Sea .
That means , just learning facts is not going to leave temporarily to students .
Although , I often get hurt when thinking about some questions .
My personal perception is that such a behaviour is damaging a young person 's personality , since it promotes uniformity and conformity , rather than creativity and innovation .
Facts help us to know the utility or advantages of the product that has newly formed .
The other is about the extreme lengths to conserve water .
It is important for everyone to have faith in themselves and always look forward and not stay in one place .
The first theory is that birds navigate in reference to celestial objects like the sun and stars .
Every house nowadays has a computer , mobile , etc.this is the thing today 's man want to live .
You might be able to be a very successful scholar of the language , but you might not be able to speak the language at all .
These are enjoyable tasks to make your mind set be looking forward to the various experiences .
Those problems do not exist for an online encyclopedia , which can be reached by everybody who has access to an internet connection .
Second , if the park has fires , animals that in the park do n't survive .
I think the shrinking market conditions forced car companies to fight harder to survive .
Then this phenomena reminds them , it comes to the time of refering to other subjects .
He could then strive to get practical experience of that field after all theory is lame without practical .
While studying at university , people may still do not know which subject they should specialize on .
These activities are only for the future or amusement .
I have a great influence on my life .
After all , we are the Internet generation .
It 's expensive .
Is it really possible ?
That is bravery and interesting to all things .
I will describe those two main issues : meeting the modern society 's needs and being eligiable candidates for some companies .
When Bill Gates was a young man , he attended Harberd University and he was respected by others to just attend in the Harberd .
Because of fast-paced societies , we ca n't imagine what the world would be changed .
Otherwise , we are sick and tired of living in the world .
Take the example of Bangalore City in India .
These surveys also demostrate how much young men and women are not aware of the improvements they could afford if they were able to really put themselves in an effective relationship with their communities .
And as a contradiction of this , the professor said that dicease study is not designed very well .
Therefore , many psychological tricks are used to let a product seem more attractive than it is in reality .
In order to maintain old buildings , it costs a lot of money .
These factors can only contribute to growth in the number of cars .
We do not need to look for parking space .
Sometimes , it is very comfortable but , it 's not important for me .
Internet encyclopedias can contribute a new articles or make an editorial change .
It so happens very often that many companies are involved in making the same product and this means competition .
Why was n't there one left around Tunguska ?
Have you ever thought about this ?
Because the students are young .
This is in contrast to the point in reading that advertising does not produce any effect on American epople because they receive bombardment from different sources .
If they teach them , they will never forget it and it is beneficial for our country .
I can not imagine that during the next 20 years anything could hinder a American to use his car to drive down to the post office which is only 3 blocks away .
For instance , when I was elementary school , I learned mathmatics formura without concept .
When you look at the Honda Civic 's advertising , it looks fancy as Mercedes , too .
That 's the way it is .
that would be frequently asked questions , so to answer this question we should be aware of the facts .
However far we try to cast a view , gas has become a very expensive item that will even become more expensive .
clearly , you must show your skills and speak .
It is very important for theme to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Rather than keeping his investment within the confines of the oil business where he is the master , he went ahead with his new plan .
They completely complete .
Therefore , if someone comes up with that breakthrough or innovative ideas , he will be the first to capitalize it .
students may not understand facts very will tell them that they ander stand the idea and concept that is related to the fact .
They wander in the streets wearing all kinds of clothes .
However , almost all of the tour guide would go there with my group members and me .
But this does not happen .
In history , for example , it is helpful to understand what event causes another one , and why ; in this way , it is easier to learn that the first one occurs before the second one , and thus it is easier to learn dates .
The fact is that by making the nails ourselves they would probably cost us more than buying them .
There are my children who are not going to school or colleges and coming to the movies .
But , in the technology and evolution time , people 's minds have arrived to a solution , they must decrease water carriers or water way ships which travel between North America and the Eastern Europe , or build more canals and ship ports , so the load on the ship can be decreased and less zebra mussel is transported .
It can be a good opportunity to make their own time to do anything .
However , she also said that some kinds of birds are shrinking .
Yet I am sure there are a number of people who have achieved success that will prove the statement wrong .
This is obvious from the fact that when the mind is not clear and free , man can not involve himself completely in doing any activity .
However , I have a different way of thinking toward the quote .
First , young people have a lot of problems .
This is an effective solution to stop an advancing fires .
This always changes consumers to buy a particular commodity in order to satisfy their needs and want in the morden days .
For example , it will be easier for people to concentrate on a subject such as geology , having a broad knowledge of many academics , than to try to concentrate on geology after having studied literature .
After a official training course , we helped the patients to bathe , talked with the elder people who lived alone , and helped the organization to hold activities on special occasions like mother 's day .
You can buy a vavilla cake at a fine store and another vanilla cake from the regular store .
some guider is not sure about the information .
They share their views and ideas within a group .
Hope is the main key for finding a new task .
This is because , the choice can appear to students as a common part .
Developing communities want to build more modern duildings .
I strongly believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today because of the damage decreased , and technology replacment .
Most important , however , zebra mussels often have no predators in their new habitats , and species without natural predatpres are likely to dominate their habitats .
It is possible that as the energy problem , people 's live styal will be changed .
For example , When I was in school my Geography book present `` Ploto '' as the last planet , but the recent studies posted that `` Ploto '' is not a planet at all because of some different chracterictcs .
But that does not mean that I do not respect and admire others .
For example , in Korea , teachers teach something and students learn what teachers say without dissussing with students while in class .
They do not need to know about what facts about that cake are .
First , we can protect our environment by saving oil and gas
To have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , we can pick up more interesting fields about subjects and it 's too easy to understand .
And I completely disagree with what the author wants to say .
I support my feeling that it can be a part of life .
On the other hand , we have a risk to poison this product , because farmers often feed their fish growth-inducing chemicals .
Think about it . If you are 50 years old you always think your health .
I advise all people to always keep smiling and have fun in this wonderful life god gave us .
Everybody knows each other .
Another reason to join a big company is job security .
Indeed , on the one hand , there are obvious signs that cars are doomed to be less and less baught by people .
Although we do n't have good grades , we are tallent on other things .
The people attending this lecture will mostly be those that are specialists on the topic subject .
To maintain the products more valuable they have sometimes use strategies to keep the client with the same enthusiasm .
Also the second argument seems to be a bit out of context as the new technologies may hardly cut down on the numbers of cars used .
But it depends on what level we gain this knowledge .
As the professor said , pressure in water is another reason to have explosion .
For example banks have many very specialized departments .
Everybody would in the end benefit from their experience : people in general and people who want to learn from them .
boys and girls easily believe them .
In this time , my opinion is that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
The more information we get is the important thing .
This is merely an opinion based on the present , albeit established facts .
They do n't have to readacific books and articles just because they love the topic .
It is not bad if you know it , it means that your intelligence is high but a doctor has to be absolutely good at safety and helping ill people .
However , if the student put only conepts and his/hers ore someone elses ideas or concepts , which can be mistakes will make the professor think if the student actualy did what was asked by the assigment .
We can just hope that those cars will have a new motor generation which pollute less .
When I am watching TV , radion ...
After he graduated from his university , thanks to his software skill , he can get a job easily and become best in his field .
Everybody deserves to enjoy life .
it would increase in price after afew year and its ' owner would have an overprice and he would be a successful man .
but the professor refutes the idea by illustrating some tested resulta from research condcted by a oil is not taken arouend the world .
Those who were open enough to try it had the risk of spending too much money as they chose the first and only tariff which was higher than other suppliers , but they were connected to the world .
The old teaching system is a fair system because it treats teachers on education , teaching skills and Finall and the most important thing is teaching experience .
At the time of emergency he / she could be of great help if he / she is aware of the child 's health problems and their cure .
The problem is that when we and our competitors have more or less the same resources and the same strategy , both would survive but the chance of ones victory is not ensured .
It is dangerous for plants and corps and changes rivers too acidic for living fish and other animals .
It is related strongly to our daily life .
With this pupluation outburst , more cars will have to be present to meet the needs of the people .
It was said in the passage that humans are endotherms and maintain the internal body temperatures upto 37 degrees , the same with dinosaurs that they maintain body temperatures upto 37 degrees or more than this temperature .
If there were no concerned adults who had to care for the feeding , care and well being of those children , humanity as we know it would not exist .
As people say `` luck follows , the ones that are brave '' and to destroy your everyday routine , you must be brave enough but that will probably bring you success .
In my opinion , I age with the statement , most advertisement make products seem much better than they really are .
There are two crucial facts : no particles from asteroid explosion , area of the astroid and meteriority of explosion .
Young people are easier to adapt to new technologies than old people .
It would be similar to adding a few drops of water to the ocean .
For success is usually connected with some achievement .
If the explorers did n't take risk we would n't discover the new contenant .
The second point is about the evidence , according the passage , the evidence that associates the Sphinx with a know Old Kindgom King , and identifies the Sphinx as honoring Khafre , but the lecture says that these evidence are not strong to accept the point , it is not strong either to accept the Old Kingdom King , Khafre and his stone plaque between the Sphinx front paws carries and identifies the kre .
First of all , you will know a lot of things about this subject because you do not have anything else to do .
During the Mao regime , cars were only accessible for politicians or privileged party members .
They say that they have some reasons .
They are very young and they do not have a job , so they can not finish their studies .
However , people , who are not just the event , seem to be the winner because they forgot the event actually .
Secondly , critics argue that many cases of placebo -induced improvement take place just at a psychological level .
Second , he says the strong prpperty rights dveloped from factoriy system and not vice versa .
Buses , subways , even planes are means of travelling which can be used in a lot of areas .
For example , in a science subject , it is necessary that the students understand the way if not they ca n't follow the teacher .
Many people are watching advertising .
But at that time , people who had knowledge of various fields were able to find jobs in the surviving field .
There has been a decline in literature .
They do not have to go to work every day , instead they can go see a football game in a different city .
Also , it is more comfortable to move .
And you can not imagine any government giving up so many workplaces for unemployment .
Comming to the atmosphere and nature both are the same .
I hope I can travel somewhere where I can take as many pictures as I want .
For example , if my friends talk about their problems about computer issues , I will give them advice about how to solve the problem or just to listen to and understand them will also help the person to be comfortable in our meeting .
For example , famous businessmen travel over the world everyday !
The knowledge we have will increase our ability to compete in the future .
There are a lot of car companies and every year they make at least 6 or 7 or 8 or more new cars .
If any problem occurs in older age it is very difficult for them .
I think that talking with a person who has different mother tongue compared to me is the best way to learn a new culture and language however there are any chances to meet them .
This fast pace economic growth , which can also be observed in a large number of developing nations , has brought about an increase in per capita income and imroved lifestyles for individuals .
In modern life it is all about money and what you earn but that is not only a success .
IN CASES LIKE THAT BMW ARE USING ADVERTISEMENTS WAY TO SHOW HOW REALLY IS THE PRODUCT TO THE PEOPLE .
When Google was found other Internet search machines had already existed .
I want a broad knowledge of many fields of academic .
We had a lot of conversations concerning the future of this sector , but never detected signs or future plans for the sector which would implicit a declination of the amount of cars .
He knows many countries around the world .
Because getting old is not just an age .
It 's not really good .
Maybe when the economy is bad , such people can find new jobs quickly , but it may not be the best job they can do .
The important thing about this case is , each country has to use official solutions for their learning problems .
For example , a reasercher that wants to be successful must take risk .
The legs of all modern endotherms are undernearth their bodies .
So if they do n't update themselves with the recent study what they will gona tecah to their student .
Second , the high cost of drug testing finally lead the cost of unit drug costs being higher than produing it .
However , the lecturer says that the vague location was described because the antient people wanted to keep the location of the treasure secret .
However , the importance of the knowledge of facts can not be underestimated .
But , on the contrary , he argues that the fluoride thlat is also a disadvantage .
For these reasons , I disagree that young people have more fun than old people .
He mentions that chemicals used for curing ill fish harvested in farms could danger wild species .
For example , I like to go to a big city like New York .
When we were born , our parents taught us how to speak . After we grow up , they send us to school to learn how to write , sometimes you have to learn the vocabulary from the writer , then you can use more words in your speech .
Do you give it to another person to solve ?
Everybody knows sport can improve our body . But we need to try by ourselves more than we will know . Yes , sport can help us to get health boay .
Thus , we can easily remember this formura without being excited and time. , and it is still useful for me .
However , I think that what students like is more important .
They are simply manipulated by the idea of the top-product like best seller , brand , luxuries and briefly think about their own safe .
First he shows that in some cases the placebo made the patient believe he was gon na get cured , which made him create more killing cells , which cured him .
You will be like in one or two or three academic , you get it because everything you know you can appear is used together to make something better .
And this might probably mean that our knowledge is limited .
This rebuffs the reading passage 's explanation that prescribed might cause fire spreading , so it is hard to coordinate .
Now they can afford the lawsuit case against music industries who sued them about 100million dollars for inventing p2p software to hack their intellectual property .
Thus , after you return to the city , you may become brothers .
It 's not wrong to say that the world is losing some great support system to which the young people can greatly contribute .
Because we need food .
When there is a need to do something , young people do not think .
He will be mature enough to take wise decisions in expanding his business and trying out new things .
The ecological balance should be for the entire area .
Early signs can already be seen .
This is probably because we are all , in general , pampered from the time we were born until well into our adolescence .
The listening part gave us information Vulcan which was found on Mars and also there was a bacteria found but no one could indicate what kind of bacteria was taha .
In Korea , we are using a day-off system for using a private vehicle .
The person takes the bike , goes to where he wishes and leaves the car to his closest bus station .
I can image both statements of views . As far as I am concerned , I consider that cars will not be more and more in the future .
Learning how to play the piano or dance ballet may have been a privilege in the past , but this is not so now .
For example , the school has a regulation that there will be punishment for those who are late entering the class .
Accordingly , most students have learned many subjects in their school .
But there still are a lot of people who have not been successful yet .
Second , he can not accept that the result of lie detectors use as evidence in court .
They are moved by solar energy .
It is true .
And I am going to another country .
Imagine we could have trees in our garden that produce cherrys and apples .
I graduate in university .
On the other hand , in the lecture , the absence of a crater in Tunguska demands atmosphere .
A lesson is another new thing you gained from an experience .
The youth today are aware of their responsibilites as citizens .
But I disagree with this opinion , because often the advertisement does n't speak about the only functions of the product , but it promises other characteristics that do n't depend on it .
It gives him many apprtunites in life , and I think that being knowledgeable is a very wonderful thing to have so we can spend our lives in a successful way and full of happenis .
In other words , the image in TV commercial is the most important point that the watcher determine whether he/she but it or not .
Members of the gathering money for the funeral and help them .
